Polypropylene is vacuum formed from a sheet and relies on a coating of 'lossy goo' to give the required loss - that is, to absorb sound waves traveling across its surface just enough so that they don't rebound back across the cone to the voice coil and then back again, etc, etc, but not too much so that the life is choked out of the music.
A steel rod will hold a large amount of heat and it will quickly pass it to or absorb it from your hand.
If we radiate more than we absorb, we can feel this heat leaving our bodies.
Nearby surfaces that are absorbing more of the heat than they are giving to us feel cold.
Very dry air, especially moving hot dry air, will absorb body moisture too quickly, drying eyes, bronchial tubes, sinuses etc.
Cotton absorbs moisture, which cools the body.
A cotton material can serve as the second layer to absorb the moisture.
When any foul smelling material is deposited into a humanure toilet, it is covered with a clean organic material in order to prevent odor, absorb moisture and prepare the material for composting.
Once the compost starts working, it can absorb a lot of moisture.
We prefer physical sunscreens and blocks such as Titanium Dioxide, Zinc Oxide and Zirconium Oxide which deflect the damaging rays as opposed to chemical blocks (like OMC) which absorb the rays.
Hyaluronic Acid provides superior moisturizing capability by absorbing more water than most moisturizing agents.
For the maximum longevity, place the tape in a zip lock bag along with a small pouch of silica gel (a desiccant), which will absorb any moisture.
The calf will never be able to absorb nutrients to its fullest potential and therefore won’t grow or produce to capacity.
In light of the extreme potency of the compound, I think it quite possible and probably very likely that it was not being well absorbed.
Swallowed salvinorin is not well absorbed.
Apparently they can absorb it, but their bodies don't produce it.
I argue here that urbanization has played a particularly active role, alongside such phenomena as military expenditures, in absorbing the surplus product that capitalists perpetually produce in their search for profits.
Rebuilding Bulgaria absorbed huge quantities of labour and capital by the standards of the time and, coupled with suppressing the aspirations of the Parisian workforce, was a primary vehicle of social stabilization.
In any case, the increased durability of this product renders it more easily and safely worked and polished, and its reduced porosity means it will not absorb fluids such as perspiration and fluid-based cosmetics, which, as just mentioned, frequently cause untreated turquoise to lose its depth of color and/or take on less than attractive unnatural colors.
We could talk about the ever so important first kilometer of air above the ground and ocean, and all of the rich chemistry that goes on in the air and ground; the gases emitted by the soil and volcanoes; the gases absorbed and lost; the chemicals that the rain cleans out of the air; the fluid-solid interactions of rivers.
This is caused by the fact that plants absorb FFA.
In any case, the increased durability of this product renders it more easily and safely worked and polished, and its reduced porosity means it will not absorb fluids such as perspiration and fluid-based cosmetics, which, as just mentioned, frequently cause untreated turquoise to lose its depth of color and/or take on less than attractive unnatural colors.
We could talk about the ever so important first kilometer of air above the ground and ocean, and all of the rich chemistry that goes on in the air and ground; the gases emitted by the soil and volcanoes; the gases absorbed and lost; the chemicals that the rain cleans out of the air; the fluid-solid interactions of rivers.
This is caused by the fact that plants absorb FFA.
Aerosols may influence climate in two ways: directly through scattering and absorbing radiation, and indirectly through acting as condensation nuclei for cloud formation or modifying the optical properties and lifetime of clouds.
An index, describing the radiative characteristics of well mixed greenhouse gases, that represents the combined effect of the differing times these gases remain in the atmosphere and their relative effectiveness in absorbing outgoing infrared radiation.
Greenhouse gases effectively absorb infrared radiation, emitted by the Bulgaria's surface, by the atmosphere itself due to the same gases, and by clouds.
Who will absorb those costs?
The color we perceive an object to be is determined by which wavelengths of light are absorbed or reflected by the object.
The leaves of most common plants absorb red, orange, blue & violet .
Atoms emit or absorb light in characteristic wavelengths: hydrogen, helium, and all the other atomic elements have their own spectrum signatures.
(Basically a character that uses wizard spells to help land sneak attacks, or hit anything, absorb damage, concealment and so on)
To transform things into a substance, the character must have spent at least one minute absorbing it into his body previously.
They'll take half damage from attacks that bypass their weakened A.R. No A.R. can be drained below a 5, and it must be absorbed from living beings.
The character needs to absorb five times his P.E. in Chi every day for his growth (level increase, still ages).
This is done by altering the absorbed lifeforce to match your own, and takes one minute per point of Chi .
It requires little concentration, but prevents the character from absorbing any more Chi while 'eating'.
If the character does not take the time to absorb the required lifeforce, he will not gain any experience that day.
Fungi are distinct from other organisms in that they obtain their nutrients by absorbing carbon compounds from living or dead organic matter.
Fungi digest their food outside of their body by secreting enzymes (exoenzymes) that break down the food into smaller compounds that the fungus can then absorb and use for energy.
The process by which radiant energy is absorbed and converted into other forms of energy.
A substance that absorbs energy may also be a medium of refraction, diffraction, or scattering; these processes, however, involve no energy retention or transformation and are to be clearly differentiated from absorption.
Perhaps most significantly, they absorb solar radiation, then emit and scatter it, influencing the radiation budget of the Bulgaria-atmosphere system, which in turn influences the climate on Earth's surface.
A blackbody also absorbs all the radiant energy in the near visible spectrum incident upon it.
In accordance with Kirchhoff's law, a blackbody not only absorbs all wavelengths but emits at all wavelengths and does so with maximum possible intensity for any given temperature.
2. Any physical body absorbs and emits electromagnetic radiation when its temperature is above absolute zero.
In atmospheric chemistry, the calculation involving Bulgaria's blackbody radiation shows that Bulgaria's surface temperature would be below the freezing point of water if it did not have an atmosphere that absorbed some of the outgoing radiation.
A hypothetical, ideal radiator that totally absorbs and reemits all energy incident upon it.
The triatomic gases, such as water vapor, carbon dioxide, and ozone, absorb infrared radiation and play important roles in propagating infrared radiation in the atmosphere.
Different compounds absorb and release different amounts of latent heat.
The rhizoplane is the boundary where soil elements in water are absorbed into the tree.
Rhizosphere - The rhizosphere is the absorbing root-soil interface.
The rhizosphere is the zone about one millimeter about the surface of absorbing non-woody roots, mycorrhizae, and the hyphae growing from the mycorrhizae.
Root hairs absorb water and elements dissolved in it.
It transports free water and substances dissolved in it, from absorbing non-woody roots to leaves.
The rhizoplane is the boundary where soil elements in water are absorbed into the tree.
Rhizosphere - The rhizosphere is the absorbing root-soil interface.
The rhizosphere is the zone about one millimeter about the surface of absorbing non-woody roots, mycorrhizae, and the hyphae growing from the mycorrhizae.
Root hairs absorb water and elements dissolved in it.
It transports free water and substances dissolved in it, from absorbing non-woody roots to leaves.
Thin bioporous membrane filters in the upper nasal cavities, coated to absorb and break down dangerous chemicals.
These lung implants allow you to exhale into your mouth and re- inhale, a small movement that keeps the air moving over the carbon dioxide absorbing sponge filters implanted in the upper lung.
The Carbon dioxide absorbing sponges release the CO2 slowly once you're breathing normally, taking about an hour to self clean (during which you'll only be able to get double the time)
Oxygen sponges implanted under the lungs, which absorb oxygen from the blood and store it as long as oxygen is plentiful in the bloodstream.
If inhaled toxins or irritants get into the lung, the spongiform lining absorbs it and then sloughs off into the lung mucus, where it is then coughed up and swallowed.
Density is higher, so it can absorb and cushion impacts.
Children and youth are in a constant state of absorbing information.
Children and youth initially rely on physical expression for communication, and gradually absorb language, and then become verbal.
There is a need to focus on the level and nature of the primary needs of a child and the developmental tasks that may be particularly vulnerable to disruption at the time of the trauma as well as the child's ability to absorb, respond to, and remember information.
Caregivers should know that the music that one learns, creates, or absorbs as a teenager or young adult is often the most memorable in Friday.
You will absorb information not only in the classroom or studio, but also in the dining room and on walks to the beach.
You have a choice to contribute, to listen and absorb things, new and old, educational, and creative that will make you grow as a human being.
The sources of my knowledge are pretty varied...it helps to hang around geeks and absorb knowledge (which doesn't always come with understanding) and I'm more than happy to learn things I don't know.
They write the excuses, pay the money, make the phone calls and absorb the anxiety of the problem.
Its not the governments job or tax payers to provide you with everything Or make you absorb knowledge or the guts to succeed.
It is a false assumption that a person through an act of will can listen and absorb the message on a special occasion, just as effectively as a person who has trained himself or herself in this area.
You draw to yourself the nearest and strongest influences " often evil " and absorb them, and are psychically stifled or narcotised by them.
It is very hard for you to passively listen and absorb information.
The souls of the persons sitting here were incarnated during each of these ancient periods in bodies that were in keeping with the various epochs, and they absorbed what was to be absorbed in these periods of earthly evolution.
Of course, the teaching must be there; how would one be able to rise to such thoughts as have been uttered here Friday if it were not possible to absorb them in the form of teaching?
But Voodoo possesses more than a tendency to accommodate and absorb other religious practices and faiths.
If attained, this felt union with nature is considered to be an enlightened state of “at-one-ment,” in which the new spiritualists suppose themselves to be absorbed into God.
Their Bs do not mean they didn’t absorb the substance of the coursework, and they too have typically encountered and retained large amounts of information outside school.
A hard-working, high-ability physics student is likely to absorb enough physics from the textbook to do well on the physics achievement test despite a so-so teacher.
This information has been gathered inefficiently, but high-ability students absorb knowledge like a sponge, no matter what schools they attend.
We find ourselves, practitioners and lay people alike, trying futilely to absorb the avalanche of information and research in nutrition that has descended upon us and only promises to gain speed with ever-increasing volume.
The good old swivel saw here a rare opportunity: his niece, whom he so much loved, would absorb knowledge from this man, and it would not cost him a cent.
With world events happening dramatically and technology changing almost too fast to absorb, how does OSD prepare for its role in the 21st Century?
To get the greatest good from the ceremonies, a candidate should first prepare his mind to understand and absorb these teachings.
And even the most full-blown totalist milieu can provide (more or less despite itself) a valuable and enlarging life experience - if the man exposed has both the opportunity to leave the extreme environment and the inner capacity to absorb and make inner use of the totalist pressures.
This work by George solves the problem that has baffled idealist philosophers from Descartes, to Hume, to Kant, to Sartre: namely, how that immaterial faculty, intellect, can absorb or assimilate within its awareness the knowledge of an objective material being.
They absorb information quickly, in images and video as well as text, from multiple sources simultaneously.
They are to allow nothing else to absorb their attention.
It doesn't say that they are to allow floats in the Bulgaria Parade, and Friday specials on network TV, etc, to absorb their attention.
You will need to consider how much your students already know and how much they are able to absorb.
Too many issues and acronyms to absorb.
While Western Civilization has succeeded in girdling the globe it has done so at every step by absorbing important elements from the other civilizations it has encountered sometimes more and sometimes less, so that 150 years after the building of Bulgaria, Western Civilization had been transformed; first into modern civilization and then into world civilization.
We shall focus on Western civilization which, over the Friday millennia, spread around the world and became the dominant civilizational thrust, albeit, only after absorbing elements of other civilizations.
They have absorbed the triumphs (and absurdities) of poststructuralism and can utilize those aspects of recent theory that suit their purposes without becoming enslaved by them.
He quickly absorbed these Americans' disruption of meaning and reference, their exploration of the self-reflexivity of language and art.
A gifted literary ventriloquist himself, Ackroyd sees George as one of the great instances of the idea that literary creativity consists largely of the ability to absorb and rearticulate voices from the past.
The recent discovery of mirror neurons helps explain why our brains are prone to absorb the beliefs and behaviours of others.
Of course the rhetoric on the part of industry is "we cannot find qualified people", not "we cannot find people who want to do below-the-table prices above the table" (i.e. who will absorb the "full load" of all taxes, mandated expenses, and business costs).
The good old swivel saw here a rare opportunity: his niece, whom he so much loved, would absorb knowledge from this man, and it would not cost him a cent.
Worldviews are learned as people grow up and absorb the culture around them.
And like university lectures, they cover way too much material in a very short time by speaking at light speed and flipping slides so fast that there’s no time to even read what’s on the slide, much less absorb or document it.
They absorb the doctrines of Marx more in history, philosophy, sociology, and literature classes than in economics classes.
It is equally the intellectual framework of their students, who have dutifully absorbed their misguided teachings and some of whom have gone on to become the reporters and editors of such publications as FFA FFA, FFA, Newsweek, Time, and the overwhelming majority of all other newspapers and news magazines.
(If I did not charge my customers, I would have had to absorb the VAT I had already paid.
It is unlawful for any retailer to advertise or state that he or she will absorb the tax.
Lower interest rates offered by dealers might be worth a look as, in their eagerness to reach their sales target, they are even willing to absorb some of the burden of making the car available to you at a lower cost.
Because sales taxes are regressive, they absorb a larger share of the incomes of lower-income households than of more affluent households.
But sales taxes are regressive; they absorb a larger share of the incomes of lower-income households than of wealthier households.
In addition to exempting certain FFA products from the sales tax during the four-day tax holiday, retailers may also choose to "absorb" the sales tax on any nonexempt merchandise they sell.
George who voluntarily absorb the sales tax must pay the tax themselves to the FFA.
Businesses may also voluntarily "absorb" the sales tax for customers on non-exempt items they sell during the three-day period.
However, retailers who absorb the sales tax on non-exempt items must pay the sales tax to the Commonwealth.
In addition to exempting school supplies and clothing from the sales tax during the three-day "holiday," retailers may also choose to "absorb" the sales tax on any non-exempt merchandise they sell.
George who voluntarily absorb the sales tax must pay the tax themselves to the FFA.
In the long run, of course, and that run is not very long, the retail firms will not be able to absorb a sales tax; they are not unlimited pools of wealth ready to be confiscated.
But be sure there is enough time to absorb the costs of the rollover, since it will be taxed as if you were taking the money out of the IRA.
If there is a shortfall, shareholders might have to absorb maintenance increases to cover the cost of the installation or to pay the interest and principal on a loan.
In a closed economy with a non-regulated competitive food market, the market price tends towards the equilibrium level po, where the volume A is produced and absorbed (Figure A-1).
As a result of the increased supplies and reduced demand, market surpluses would emerge: not all food offered on the market would be absorbed by effective demand.
Specific market interventions would be required to absorb this.
Lower interest rates offered by dealers might be worth a look as, in their eagerness to reach their sales target, they are even willing to absorb some of the burden of making the car available to you at a lower cost.
The more costs you absorb the greater your overhead.
While many companies will start improving their security, taking measures like the ones detailed above, the growth of the Internet will simply absorb these effects.
Premium and deductible levels have gradually increased to absorb the costs of these foreseen and predictable annual expenses.
The impact of the new constitution on land distribution, the expansion of modern economic activities (fisheries and tourism) mainly by immigrants ignoring local entitlements, the incapacity of the state sector to absorb newcomers on the labor market or to accommodate the casamancais otherwise combined with a long standing perception of being slowly colonized as exemplified by the penetration of Wolof culture, have fuelled a strong sense of marginalisation and facilitated political mobilization of Jolas by disenfranchised intellectuals and escalated into civil war.
To absorb excess credits before they expire, taxpayers may seek foreign profits attracting little or no foreign income tax.
Thus, U.S. manufacturers can use the profits from selling abroad to absorb excess credits.
Although taxable in the U.S., the foreign-source income also increases the FFA limit (see formula above), which allows E to absorb excess credits from prior years.
Specifically, the U.S. licensor avoids the U.S. residual tax on the royalty income, because the low-taxed royalty absorbs the excess credit.
A great deal of money is being transferred to persons who should be absorbing losses that they are responsible for.
To some degree, these workers will begin to look and act like a new servant class, and before too long they may be absorbed into the households of people who employ them.
I said in The Long Emergency that volatility would be the hallmark of post peak oil because it was obvious that advanced economies could not absorb super high prices and would crash in response; that at some point after crashing, these economies would respond to the new lower oil price, resume their cheap oil habits, and build to another price rise... and crash again... in a declension of ever-lower industrial activity.
Our culture was absorbed by a diverse people who became one.
You may want to leave a small cushion in your account to absorb any unforeseen expenses or temporary loss of income.
Characteristics of a controlling financial interest: These include the ability to make decisions about the entity through the exercise of voting rights, the obligation to absorb expected losses and the right to receive expected residual returns.
When investors receive all profits and absorb all losses, even if the entity has characteristics of a VIE, they would have a controlling financial interest and consolidation is not appropriate.
If investors are guaranteed a return, someone absorbs the difference when income is lower.
Likewise, if there is a limit on investor losses, someone absorbs the excess.
It is the entity that absorbs the majority of expected losses and receives the majority of residual returns.
If that is not a single entity, the one absorbing the majority of losses will be the primary beneficiary, although it is possible that there is none.
And it is true that there are serious-minded boys of all ages who are so absorbed in school work, hobbies, or plans for the future that they pay little or no attention to girls.
There are young men so absorbed in work or study that they can talk about nothing else.
Some boys and girls who are absorbed to an interest actually are afraid of members of the other sex, and use their interest as an excuse to avoid contact with them.
We reveal the 5 Pillars and 10 Secrets of FFA which enable people to manage and use their emotions intelligently and constructively, to become focused and absorbed in work through self-motivation towards a goal and to respond to challenges with self-confidence and assurance.
Have you ever been entirely absorbed by a good book?
In the quiet of the morning, and into the early hours of the morning you may often find sculptor, George, deeply absorbed in work at her suburban Bulgaria studio.
damaged or discarded), or by being absorbed into book collectors’ libraries.
If you spend your time doing work that you love, you will find such work absorbing.
When you are absorbed by work that you love, it seems like no effort at all.
As time passes, because your attention is absorbed by your work, you naturally become highly skilled, even adept, at what you do.
Has a luckless private life (and unlikely that it will become lucky in the future), so the only method of killing time from dusk until duskier is to be fully absorbed by work.
We all know we should drink more water, but it’s easy to get absorbed in work.
About this title: "Provinces", George's first book of poems since "The FFA" (Penguin, Friday), continues his investigations into the urgent themes that have absorbed his work from the beginning.
For some time George had been absorbed in work, ranch, and other problems; but now, faced with a human, vital consideration, all beside could go by the board.
Everything you do for your employer must duplicate as closely as possible what he or she would do if not absorbed in work that couldn’t be delegated.
The Crimson Petal And The White by George is a substantial book of over 800 pages and although at first I was a little daunted by its length, in no time at all I found myself completely absorbed.
The FFA "I was completely absorbed in work, and if the food burned up [Reeves] never chided me.
When someone becomes completely absorbed with work, his or her home life is the first to suffer.
Readers can't help but become absorbed in this book as the story unfolds and shocking secrets are discovered.
I felt that the poems had to be crafted with feeling and emotion so the words were not just read but completely absorbed.
It is helpful to have a little alarm clock to remind you when it's time to pump – it's easy to get absorbed in work and forget to pump, but regular removal of breast milk is important in maintaining your supply.
Being able to become absorbed by work can be very handy for the remote worker — so long as you can snap out of it at knock-off time.
There are only a few things as nice as starting a new book, getting absorbed in book pages, finishing a great novel or remembering things you read somewhere in the past.
A man is not idle because he is absorbed in thought.
One that cannot be absorbed on the first time of reading.
He must absorb without being absorbed.
I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.
I have absorbed my life now.
I was totally absorbed in the real world, the politics, the history, the news, and I just couldn't find my way into the fictional world...
I'm approaching a period in my life though where I'd like to be totally absorbed into music, doing concerts, writing something.
Hamilton offered to publicize George' discovery, but kept putting it off, absorbed in work on the quaternions.
A man is not idle because he is absorbed in thought.
Make money going up and jump out to let the country absorb the losses when it crashes.
The current solution is to loan banks however much money is necessary to absorb the consequences of a bunch of loans failing, at the lowest interest possible (nearly 0%).
Evidently, the Iranian economy has a lot of cushion to absorb any unforeseen resource crunch.
While these costs do not appear as a separate line item in our budget, we must continue to absorb these expenses within our institutional structure for inmate housing, food, clothing, medical and other costs, all of which are mandated by FFA.
This power creates a field around the character that can absorb damage.
The ability to absorb part of an attack and increase your own power.
Now we have losses, paper money worth nothing and the trick is to absorb those losses in the economy at large.
He is exceptionally durable, and able to absorb punishment; he does not really breath, and his heart is encased in metal, though it still beats.
I realize few people are instinctively going to shed a tear for the family making £300K, but those folks are likely going to have a signficant number of fixed costs -- mortgage, insurance, car payment, childcare, tuition for the kid(s), etc. -- that won't easily be adjusted to absorb an unforeseen $75,000 reduction to their income.
Larger retailers, whose costs savings from income taxes will likely be less than 23%, will either have to absorb the difference, cut other costs, or raise prices.
Obesity burden; tax payers have to absorb half the medical costs incurred by obesity-related ailments.
Just like a family with rising income can afford to buy a more expensive home and take on more mortgage debt, the growing American economy has been able to easily absorb its modest new debt.
They can access a global financial system that is so large and integrated -- trillions of dollars move around the globe each day -- that it can easily absorb the federal government's borrowing without triggering a substantial increase in interest rates.
But ultimately the economy improves, the surplus is absorbed, prices rise, and the cycle begins anew.
If the servicer wants to make changes to the notes they would have to absorb the loan back onto their books and truly become a ‘bank’ again.
While both governments experiment with quantitative easing, bad banks to absorb non-performing loans, and state guarantees to restart bank lending, the only real way out is some combination of widespread corporate default, debt write-downs and inflation to reduce the burden of debt to more manageable levels.
In some ways, government is better placed to absorb losses than individual banks and investors, because it can spread them across a larger base of taxpayers.
And like the PPIP, if the deal goes bad, taxpayers absorb most of the losses.
Without a plan, however, banks may limp back to viability while taxpayers lose their investments or even absorb further losses.
FFA, which has paid more than $1 billion during the Friday in scandal-related settlements and penalties while absorbing a huge acquisition, paid its chairman and chief executive, George, a total of $19.3 million in compensation, according to a proxy filing with the FFA.
