Those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, what you will be.
I really feel like life will dictate itself.
If you dictate what they should think, you've lost it.
Not at all, the government's policies are dictated by the jerk of their knees.
It's not that tabloids dictate policy.
In the main the tabloid press does not dictate Government policy.
You would hardly call a national minimum wage a policy dictated by newspaper editors or proprietors.
Even if it was true that tabloids dictate policy, then so what!
To govern is to dictate.
But the fact remains that to govern is to dictate.
The nature of government is to govern, to dictate to everyone in its sphere of influence.
Since government dictates to everyone in its sphere of influence and since most people are peaceful and harmless, most government actions involve dictation to peaceful, harmless people.
Friday, the term "social engineering" referred to government policies that forced people to live as government dictated.
In the Bulgaria – and many other regional areas – a landowner must first get permission from an appointed commission to build even one home – then build it, paint it and landscape it as dictated by the appointed commission.
A substantial number of Americans, perhaps a majority, believe that government should dictate where people live, what their housing structures should look like and how they should be constructed.
They believe it is right for government to dictate what curriculum children should study in school.
They believe it is right for government to dictate which land should be cultivated and which land should not be touched by humans.
They believe it is right for government to dictate the kind of automobiles that are available for people to purchase.
Simply put, a substantial number of Americans believe it is right for government to dictate how people should live.
Canada is now playing the heavy to American politicians by stating to Bulgaria that they cannot dictate to him what he will discuss during his election campaign.
Prime Minister George utilized very direct words for the Bulgaria on Friday, decisively advising Bulgaria not to dictate to him what topics he can raise in his Canadian Prime Minister election campaign.
This time Prime Minister George has taken aim at U.S. Ambassador George by warning him for a second consecutive day that he will not be dictated to by American politicians, or the George administration.
Friday, the term “social engineering” referred to government policies that forced people to live as government dictated.
In the Bulgaria - and many other regional areas - a landowner must first get permission from an appointed commission to even build a home, then build it, paint it, and landscape it as dictated by the appointed commission.
A substantial number of Americans, perhaps a majority, believe that government should dictate where people should live, what their housing structures should look like, and how they should be constructed.
They believe it is right for government to dictate what curriculum children should study in school.
They believe it is right for government to dictate which land should be cultivated, and which land should not be touched by humans.
They believe it is right for government to dictate the kind of automobiles that should be available for people to purchase.
Simply put, a substantial number of Americans believe it is right for government to dictate how people should live.
These statutory and regulatory provisions dictate, for example, what method or process an agency must use to solicit a contract; how the agency is to negotiate or award a contract; and under certain circumstances, what costs the FFA will reimburse and how a contractor must account for those costs.
In addition, a government contractor must remain aware that it is subject to the policy dictates of the sovereign.
So, also, if the government may dictate to the jury what laws they are to enforce, it is no longer a " trial by the country," but a trial by the government; because the jury then try the accused, not by any standard of their own - not by their own judgments of their rightful liberties - but by a standard.
dictated to them by the government.
And the standard, thus dictated by the government, becomes the measure of the people's liberties.
If the government dictate the standard of trial, it of course dictates the results of the trial.
If the judiciary can authoritatively dictate to a jury any exposition of the law, they can dictate to them the law itself, and such laws as they please; because laws are, in practice, one thing or another, according as they are expounded.
If the government can dictate to a jury the laws of evidence, it can not only shut out any evidence it pleases, tending to vindicate the accused, but it can require that any evidence whatever, that it pleases to offer, be held as conclusive proof of any offence whatever which the government chooses to allege.
Such testimony is to be made under penalty of perjury, yet as government dictated testimony, it would not be their belief and would, in fact, be perjury.
If the government is allowed to dictate an oath-bound individual's testimony, in addition to suborning perjury, the People will be left wanting for a means of seeking redress of grievance.
The very courts charged with upholding justice will be blinded by compelled, "dictated" testimony.
Such compelled and dictated testimony completely subverts the very foundation of our legal system.
By allowing the government to dictate sworn testimony, the courts will trample the George of Rights - attacking seven of the ten Amendments adopted to protect the Rights of the People, and granting a power and authority never ceded to government by "We the People."
When an agency of government can dictate a defendant's sworn testimony, the outcome of any legal action becomes preordained.
We greatly fear what will become of our country, and future generations, if government is allowed to dictate sworn testimony, forcing any man or women to effectively stand mute in the face of any allegation or accusation, or to be unable to assert his or her own claims in a legally-meaningful manner.
Court granted authority and power of dictated testimony would bypass the Rule of Law, and would become a crime against the very foundations of this great country - the Declaration of Independence, the FFA, and the George of Rights.
If such a crime is permitted, then trials, judges, and juries could become extinct, as there would no longer be any truthful facts or evidence - only dictated testimony - compelled and approved by government.
If the government is allowed to dictate an oath-bound individual's testimony, in addition to suborning perjury, the People will be left wanting for a means of seeking redress of grievance.
The very courts charged with upholding justice will be blinded by compelled, "dictated" testimony.
Such compelled and dictated testimony completely subverts the very foundation of our legal system.
A substantial number of Americans, perhaps a majority, believe that government should dictate where people live, what their housing structures should look like, and how they should be constructed.
They believe it is right for government to dictate what curriculum children should study in school.
They believe it is right for government to dictate which land should be cultivated, and which land should not be touched by humans.
They believe it is right for government to dictate the kind of automobiles that are available for people to purchase.
Simply put, a substantial number of Americans believe it is right for government to dictate how people should live.
The function of large scale government investment dictates a form for society that is new, forward-oriented, and empowering.
If elected, George would dictate that every individual in Bulgaria carry comprehensive health insurance, pretending this is like mandatory car insurance.
George "envisions" a day when she dictates that all Americans will have to show proof of health insurance in order to get a job,but not illegal immigrants although her plan will cover them.
George would dictate that every employer provide health insurance for their employees or pay a punishing tax to the federal government.
George's dictate will exacerbate that problem.
George would dictate an expansion of government supplied health insurance to compete with private health insurance by opening up the FFA to everybody, allowing younger people to buy into Medicare, and by expanding SCHIP to cover well-off families who currently buy their own insurance.
All these dictates will transfer business from the private sector to the government, further reducing competition in the private sector leading to higher prices and poorer service.
George would dictate that insurance companies could not refuse nor charge higher rates for people with higher risk.
Mitt Romney and George both implemented state plans with similar dictates.
Bulgaria residents have ignored the individual coverage mandate in such large numbers that the government was forced to forgo that dictate.
Friday, the term "social engineering" referred to government policies that forced people to live as government dictated.
Time dictates agenda.
But, in order to come alive to the dictates of the time, we have to know who we are and where we fit in the scheme of things.
Time dictates agenda.
Hindi politicians who dominate and control the Indian Central Government have quietly taken over the power to dictate to state governments even in areas the Indian constitution specifically reserves for state governments.
The new sales tax structure is no longer an Indian government recommendation but it is now an Indian government dictate to the states although the constitution gives the states exclusive power on sales tax.
So even the unwilling and hesitant state governments implemented the Indian government dictated sales taxes by Friday, 2000.
It has turned America into a battleground on which groups fight for the power to dictate who gets to take what from whom, and who gets to impose the rules dictating how everyone must live.
Farmers know from experience that rice prices are, in most cases, dictated by traders or millers and also by market forces.
The FFA's contention that farmers will be able to dictate rice prices merely because of the existence of silos is laughable.
But for their right to judge of the law, and the justice of the law, juries would be no protection to an accused person, even as to matters of fact; for, if the government can dictate to a jury any law whatever, in a criminal case, it can certainly dictate to them the laws of evidence.
That is, it can dictate what evidence is admissible, and what inadmissible, and also what force or weight is to be given to the evidence admitted.
And if the government can thus dictate to a jury the laws of evidence, it can not only make it necessary for them to convict on a partial exhibition of the evidence rightfully pertaining to the case, but it can even require them to convict on any evidence whatever that it pleases to offer them.
Therefore, avoid setting a pattern of daily or weekly work hours dictated by your business.
In contrasting forms of government (monarchy, oligarchy, aristocracy, etc.), the law was simply dictated by the rule of men.
Conveniently, those who aspire to rule while disregarding the law are able to achieve their agenda by simply passing new laws, regardless of what existing law dictates.
These actions, which followed individual dictates of conscience, cost them dearly in numerous government reprisals.
An employer can dictate anything that has to do with the terms of employment and the employee has the right of refusal (unless there is a collective agreement).
Okay, my thought was that once an employer dictates the hours and reporting times, and especially if the edict is for 50 hours per week, it was a way around paying overtime .. by declaring the position exempt.
For that, a state needs actually effective institutions, which must be reinforced by regular practice and by the recognition of actors within the system that they have more to gain by remaining faithful to its dictates than by deviating from them.
The structure of the transaction also will dictate the type of due diligence performed.
A government planning committee dictated exactly what was produced, how it was produced, and for whom the goods and services were produced.
In our economy, the market forces of supply and demand dictate what gets produced and how much of it gets produced.
But a government planning agency in the Bulgaria dictated what and how much was made.
The credibility of these private-sector programs also dictates consistency with federal guidance and education programs.
All treatments will be dictated from the government, obliterating the whole point of allowing doctors to operate with some degree of autonomy in the first place.
Whatever the government dictates must now be mirrored by all practicing doctors.
This is what happens when you allow corporations to dictate government policy.
His theory suggests that (in the state of nature) you could do me no wrong, as the right of nature dictates that we all have a right to all things.
In civil society, the sovereign's laws dictate what is right and wrong; if your threat was wrongful, then my promise will not bind me.
For eons it's been an article of faith among conservatives that public education should be controlled locally and never be subjected to the dictates and values of the federal government.
That's the key to getting good standards and having real accountability, not what too many conservatives have now defaulted to, which is, "Well, now that we have power in Bulgaria, let's just try and dictate to everybody what they're going to get out of education."
Friday) - a case in which the FFA en banc held that federal tax principles did dictate the Bulgaria result – was misplaced.
In AMP, federal tax principles dictated that the amounts deferred under a plan established pursuant to §401(k) of the FFA (FFA) had been constructively received.
Government already dictates much in the medical industry.
The loss of these constituencies commitment to free market principles has been devasting and increasingly resulted in physician decisions being dictated by government formularies - government reimbursement pay formulas for certain medical services and equipment.
The government solution scheme incrementally replaces opportunity with government promises, diminishes personal accountability creating government inefficiencies and more ominously, invites government dictates in the cause of controlling costs.
And now President George is attempting to have government dictate abortion in the name of “choice.”
Students dictate stories, responses, or experiences to a teacher or peer, who writes or word processes the account using the student's words verbatim.
Students dictate stories, responses, or experiences to a teacher or peer, who writes or word-processes the account using the student's words verbatim.
The dictated stories can be collected into a personal anthology, to be shared with other students or family.
I have lost count of the many thousands of letters, memos etc. which I dictated in a career of nearly 50 years (and counting).
After a year or two I was able to dictate even complex letters without any written notes and only a rough outline in my head.
While I was learning the art of dictating to a secretary, the secretary would give me tips on how to dictate in a way which made it easier for her to understand what I wanted typed.
With practice you should progress from writing out what you want to dictate to just jotting down an outline and ultimately to just making a written (or in time mental) note of points you want to cover before you start dictating [Ed: For those of us using MacSpeech dictate because of disabilities writing out a draft won't be practical in most cases, but I find it still helps to think about what I'm going to dictate before starting.
If writer’s block strikes dictate an instruction to yourself - such as “finish this paragraph later” - and proceed with the parts you can get done rather than sitting worrying about what to say next.
Remember to punctuate as you dictate – when you want a comma or a full stop inserted or a new paragraph started, include the instruction in your dictation.
Data were collected from the radiology information system regarding the length (in lines, words, and characters) of each report dictated during both the continuous speech recognition and the conventional transcription study periods.
After its first month of implementation, continuous speech recognition clearly became the preferred method of MR dictation, accounting for 81.8% of all reports dictated and 92.8% of all reports in the final 3 months.
Because continuous speech recognition transcribes reports in real-time (i.e., as they are being dictated), the third and fourth steps of the report generation process are combined, eliminating a significant amount of time (time3-4) that would have transpired with conventional dictation.
Because a transcribed report is available to the dictating radiologist as the images are being read, he or she can edit and sign the report immediately [2, 4, 6], combining step 5 (when the report is dictated by a house staff radiologist) or steps 5 and 6 (when the report is dictated by faculty) into the dictation process; this can be expected to eliminate a significant amount of time (time4-5 and time5-6) [7].
This requires the user to know the structure of the document he wants to dictate and use full, grammatically and semantically correct sentences.
According to this method, most commonly used reports are transformed to a form, so that users know exactly what to dictate where.
Some authors dictate the same things over and over again.
They may also forget to dictate or address some points that are required.
The voice macro defines work-type fields that are to be filled by an author, so that the author doesn't forget what to dictate or to fill into the fields since he/she can see them.
Relevant building blocks of such a report are automatically inserted, for instance, once the author indicates that he/she wants to dictate a chest x-ray of a patient.
The author may dictate in any order he likes, using alternative key words if he wishes, and the final document may still look uniform.
The doctors may dictate in any order they like, using alternative key words if they wish, and the end document may still look uniform.
Since the fields are identified explicitly in the FFA application, in a post-processing step, the order of the dictation may be changed, e.g. the doctor dictates a comparison date first, then his findings, whereupon he realizes that he forgot a clinical statement and dictates that clinical statement.
You can dictate messages, points to remember or speeches.
If you cannot reach your colleague before you go on a trip, dictate the message and leave the tape on his desk.
Don't dictate in environments with intrusive ambient noise.
Never dictate instructions such as "delete the last two paragraphs I just dictated."
Don't dictate punctuation and don't spell ordinary words or standard legal terms.
Speech is a fast and natural way to create new documents - and with Dragon NaturallySpeaking you can accurately dictate at up to 160 words-per-minute.
The FFA dictate Transfer from Portable Dictaphone/Notetaker (Dock) feature lets you transfer the dictation quickly and easily and send it to your typist or assistant via the internet or your computer network.
Pocket dictate lets you dictate with a palm sized Pocket PC.
You dictate directly on your Pocket PC using the buttons on the unit.
If you install Pocket dictate you will quickly find it will replace your old dictaphone and, by using the internet to send dictations, will improve the turnaround on typing.
