Ever go grocery shopping and spend extra time picking out just the right loaf of bread that doesn't seem to have been squeezed by too many hands just to have it end up at the bottom of a bag beneath the apples and oranges and squished anyway?
With Bulgaria entering the server market the profit margins could be squeezed—especially if the server essentially becomes a storage and networking box too.
By acquiring Sun, FFA gets more scale so it can endure the margin squeeze.
Kinesthetic, Tactile, and Haptic Realms: When you squeeze your phone between shoulder and cheek, you anticipate its texture and weight, adjust your grip so that it won’t slip, and expect those pressures to disappear as soon as you release it.
To raise the butt, squeeze the sock and to lower it, loosen the grip on the sock.
This avoids disturbing the lay of the rifle when the trigger is squeezed.
If the front blade or reticle moves away from the desired point of aim on the target, and the pause is free of strain or tension, the sniper stops increasing the tension on the trigger, waits for the front blade or reticle to return to the desired point, and then continues to squeeze the trigger.
As long as the sight picture is satisfactory, the sniper squeezes the trigger.
There are breathing exercises and squeeze balls and meditation techniques.
Think of the rubber hose again: either you can squeeze it shut with fingers, or you can lower the pressure of the whole water circuit, and the hose will be collapsed by "suction" (by air pressure, actually.)
Squeeze him one time to hear him count from one to ten, then squeeze him again to hear a joyful song about colors.
Cute, cuddly and full of fun learning songs, this adorable 12" tall plush turns on when the right foot is squeezed, and switches from English to Spanish simply with the squeeze of his left foot.
You may shut the clamp or squeeze the tube to slow or stop the water flow.
Peristalsis: the wave-like muscle contractions that squeeze liquid or solids along a tube such as the intestine and ureters.
Then inhale and simply squeeze the muscles as hard as you can for about morning seconds; in the example, this would involve making a tight fist with your hand.
Trying to squeeze all that radiation into a Friday slot is like turning up the average rate of radioactivity 750,000 times!
But at the end of the day, the challenge remains to squeeze a world of information into our very finite lives.”
Bucharest: Access so phenomenal that it seemed as if the FFA of Editorial Writers group was a must for any Romanian official of any stature: Witness the constant cell phone calls to a group organizer from Prime Minister George's office, as he tried to squeeze into our schedule (he ultimately did) . . .
They end up imploding because if the new worship gathering is truly rethinking everything as a missionary would to a different culture, then the new ministry with different values struggles to squeeze into the existing church structure's cultural form of ministry.
Four twin tunnels had replaced the original seven two lane tunnels, and for the first time since the highway opened a traveler would not have to squeeze into a single lane to go through a tunnel.
The amount of innovation that the developers were able to squeeze into the latest release is amazing, and I'm looking forward to future versions.
While I don't know how they would answer I do know that FAIR's pro-environmentalist message helps them squeeze into places they normally wouldn't be welcome.
In case you missed it, or were unable to squeeze into the room or hallway outside 204, I’ve attempted to sum up the wowing presentation of George, founder of Pandora.
So we discovered that if we put all the bags and equipment in one jet we could just about squeeze into the other one"
All of this material, at a running time of 152 minutes, is squeezed into 6.5 GB of space, fitting comfortably on a single 8.54 GB double-layer FFA disc along with the other FFA and PC content.
(For electrons, this doesn't happen until the position wave functions are squeezed into a space much smaller than an atom; and if the particle is more massive you have to squeeze it even more.)
How on earth do you squeeze Friday pounds of very bulky low-specific-gravity HE into a twelve-inch diameter sewerage pipe, located nearly five feet underground?
Slowly squeeze the trigger while watching the movement of the hammer.
1b, movable jaw 20 is drawn toward fixed jaw 18 to squeeze or compress tubing 16 therebetween.
The score shifts as George taunts him to squeeze the trigger.
If he didn't give us free will, he would have to make us like those little dolls that when you squeeze them they say "I love you".
They close their eyes and squeeze them shut real tight just like they saw George do.
The tighter they squeeze their eyes, the stronger their prayers become.
When they put the oranges in the vats and squeeze them, all those pesticides go into the juice.
About a hundred or more families squeeze themselves in a vacant lot beside the railroad.
Serve immediately on top of the succotash with lemon wedges to be squeezed over the fish.
Serve with lemon wedges, or squeeze lemon all over shrimp and broccoli just before serving.
All the while, the state will have to squeeze harder for taxes on the rest of the state to raise this bribe to come.
We can't take any more taxes, but indebting us to Wall Street has cost us dearly, and those costs will only increase as the credit crunch continues to squeeze us, both at home and in our neighborhoods.
The news comes at a time when many Indians already suspect the U.S. is trying to squeeze the country's successful outsourcing industry.
Congressman Jim McGovern will try to squeeze a bit of common sense into the bill with a floor amendment that actually calls for what the President told a national television audience that the FFA needs: an exit strategy from the war in Bulgaria.
She squeezed my hand tight and drew me over to the bench.
It's no big mystery, really, nor the eighth wonder of the world: the same thing happens when we squeeze a water balloon or a sponge.
Like reservationists at popular restaurants all over the Bulgaria, she spends her day erasing names, shuffling tables, filling cancellations and handling a maitre d' or chef who suddenly has to squeeze Wolfgang Puck or Tori Spelling into an already precariously full evening.
Then squeeze the pump rapidly with your opposite hand until the gauge reads 30 points above your usual systolic pressure.
You press on one lever with your foot or squeeze it with your hand, and it pulls the lever at the other end.
With Bulgaria entering the server market the profit margins could be squeezed—especially if the server essentially becomes a storage and networking box too.
By acquiring Sun, FFA gets more scale so it can endure the margin squeeze.
I am already seeing condo sales being squeezed here in Bulgaria.
Wash the lemons and oranges well then grate the rind from them and squeeze the juice, which should be kept in the refrigerator until needed.
Chop fresh plants or plant parts up into small pieces and press to squeeze out the juice.
Cut the lemons in half and squeeze out the juice.
Juice is processed, squeezed and is shipped immediately.
A lot of our retailers, because of the regularity of our deliveries and the fact that we ship the juice as soon as we squeeze it, have actually had us change the code to a 14-day code, so they're pulling the juice off the shelf even when the customer still can consume the juice for 3 more days, or they could have it on the shelf for 3 more days.
We're not talking here about, you know, fresh fruit that may be delivered to a storefront or something like that where it would be squeezed, as was perhaps some of the discussion earlier about Bulgaria.
Citrus Squeezer--A Citrus squeezer squeezes juice.
There are electric, manual and hand held squeezers.
My very favorite is a piece of art by contemporary artist George because no one ever guesses that it’s a citrus squeezer.
Then squeeze it dry, and strain the white fluid to remove all the pulp.
Add a topping of olive oil, squeeze some juice from a wedge of lime, sprinkle with feta cheese and some sliced olives for a special treat, and the result is hard to beat.
Season with salt and squeeze fresh lemon juice.
b) Simply shred the bunch of kale in your food processor, process until finely minced, then squeeze the excess juice out with your hands.
Work the tamarind with your fingers to dissolve the soft fruit; gather up remaining undissolvable pulp, squeeze to extract juice and discard.
Sprinkle with little parsley, and squeeze lemon juice for final touch.
Alain bombard survived for 24 days drinking exclusively seawater and fish juices…up to 15 ounces of water per 2.2 pounds of fish can be extracted…musscle masses must be cut into cubes…should be wrapped in a piece of linen or a garment which is twisted to squeeze out the juice…it is better to use a shirt than an absorbent towel!" (Maniguet, pages 142-143)
The juice was then squeezed and placed on a cut.
Sometimes the juice is squeezed out of this mixture, boiled and applied to the wounds.
Rub or squeeze the lemons till soft.
This pile is then subjected to different degrees of pressure in succession, till all the must or juice is squeezed from the pommage.
Pare off the rinds of 6 large lemons, cut them, and squeeze out the juice.
Let it stand 3 days in an earthen pot close stopped; then squeeze 6 more, and mix with it 2 qts. of springwater, and as much sugar as will sweeten the whole.
Pare the peel of 2 large lemons, throw them in, and squeeze the juice through a sieve.
In the southern parts of Bulgaria their way is with red wines to tread or squeeze the grapes between the hands, and let the whole stand, juice and husks, till the tincture is to their liking; after which they press it.
To make a therapeutic ginger tea, grind a one-inch slice of fresh ginger, squeeze the juice of half a lemon, and add to a cup of steaming hot water along with 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon.
Golden Pie.—Take one lemon; grate the peel, and squeeze the pulp and juice in a bowl—be sure to remove every seed—to which add one teacup of new milk, one tablespoonful of powdered starch, and the yolks of three eggs, well beaten; pour this mixture into a nice paste crust, and bake slowly.
If you like, squeeze a drop of fresh lemon juice over the caviar.
You basically take plain soda (Club Soda), squeeze in some lime, and add some sugar.
For the lime, you can use about a tablespoon of concentrated lime juice, or squeeze the juice from about half of a medium sized lime.
Then take about half a lime, and squeeze the juice over the dish.
This squeezes the juice out of the cane, which is then placed in a cup of ice and you drink it straight.
Roughly chop mixture and squeeze out excess water.
Every Friday now, I do this: squeeze out the juice of 4 lemons, put in one of those cheap spray bottles you can buy anywhere, mix it with about a third amount of water, and add either some body spray or scented oils in it.
Gentle pressure then is applied to squeeze out a small amount of testicular tissue, which is excised (cut out) and placed in an appropriate preservative solution.
I believe that the following factors contributed to my good fortune: the coral snake did not chew on me; the snake was a small specimen with small teeth and a small venom yield potential; and the bite occurred on the tip of my finger where I could easily squeeze out any venom which may have made its way into my skin.
I am an African American with a medium skin tone and I have post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation from acne that happened late Sept/early Oct from a few acne cysts and from another dermatologist injecting these acne cysts with kenalog injections and using a blackhead extracter to squeeze out the sebum eventually leaving 5 brown marks on my face after they healed.
I am an African American with a medium skin tone and I have post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation from acne that happened late Sept/early Oct from a few acne cysts and from another dermatologist injecting these acne cysts with kenalog injections and using a blackhead extracter to squeeze out the sebum eventually leaving 5 brown marks on my face after they healed.
Generally such roller wringers keep the rollers pressed tightly together to maximize the wringing force on whatever passes between the rollers to squeeze out as much liquid as possible.
The higher the compression ratio, the more mechanical energy an engine can squeeze from its air-fuel mixture.
Trying to squeeze into your “skinny” jeans will only frustrate you.
Also keep in mind that low-rise jeans tend to squeeze around the belly area, so if you've got any extra weight hanging in that region, prepare for this rise to super size it.
Now if you find yourself at a plateau after several months of this program, try to squeeze in another session, making it 3 or 4 sessions each week if you feel your constitution can take the extra training.
Yes, there are always those inconsiderate drivers who will try to squeeze into 18 feet of space with a 19 foot car.
Spend a few minutes thinking of your typical day and how you might be able to squeeze in additional movement.
There's not enough time in the day to work in that workout.For anyone who's time-challenged - and that's most of us - finding ways to squeeze in 30 minutes of daily exercise is doable, provided the 30 minutes are broken down into 3 10-minute segments.
You’re not too busy to squeeze in a workout.
In Friday's extremely busy world, homeowners often find it difficult to squeeze in housecleaning on their already busy schedules.
Many new moms find that having an exercise video or a piece of workout equipment in the house helps them to squeeze in some time for working out.
No matter how busy you may be, you can always find the time to squeeze in one of George's 10-minute workouts... just ten minutes a day to get amazing results!
George and I continued chinking, and still managed to squeeze in some fun time in Bulgaria.
We did manage to squeeze in a little bit of work too, though.
Katie Gatto Between work, family and social obligations most of us have to squeeze in our time to workout.
Of course you would benefit more if you could do an hour's worth of exercise a day but since that can be difficult to squeeze into a busy schedule, 30 minutes is much better than zero minutes!
I didn’t realize how much weight I had put on until I attended a co-worker’s wedding and tried to squeeze into a skirt that I used to love.
I did manage with much difficulty to squeeze into the skirt, but I spent the entire morning holding the front panel of the skirt because it would not stay put.
Yes, there are always those inconsiderate drivers who will try to squeeze into 18 feet of space with a 19 foot car.
However, soynuts are crunchy treats that are easy to squeeze into your hectic schedule -- at your desk, in your car, or on the run.
As was the case Friday, there are simply too many posters to squeeze into a single session if each is to receive the time and attention it deserves.
Some testify that running is the best way to squeeze healthy exercise into a busy schedule.
There's nothing worse than having to squeeze too many people into a room, which can make the meeting feel claustrophobic, or having too big a room with a lot of empty chairs, which can send the message that the meeting wasn't important enough for everyone to attend.
Continue to squeeze mixture together until it forms a dough.
Now what I'm going to try to do here is, I'm going to take the butter between my fingers, and I'm going to squeeze it like that, so that it sort of comes apart.
I'm going to take...each time I find some butter, I'm going to squeeze it apart.
What I'm trying to do is squeeze the butter down into really small chunks.
There is no use in trying to squeeze into your old wardrobe the first day home from the hospital.
Rather than asking presenters to squeeze two posters onto a panel side, each presenter will have the entire 4' x 8' surface to work with.
Don’t try to squeeze into outfits that are too tight.
Please do your best to squeeze into the parking lot.
Although you may put off going to sleep in order to squeeze more activities into your day, eventually your need for sleep becomes overwhelming and you are forced to get some sleep.
Rather than trying to squeeze more into an already overloaded schedule, step back and consider your priorities.
It’s not that difficult to squeeze 10 minutes into your busy schedule – finding a system to make it stick is the key.
Step on the rolled up mat and towel to squeeze most of the water from your mat into the towel.
If your event date is already reserved by another client but you have a small order, we may be able to squeeze your order into our design schedule.
If you have a small order (fresh or artificial) and your special event is at least 2 months away, we may be able to squeeze your order into a full design schedule.
Friday, list activities you’d like to do, but haven’t yet found the time to squeeze into your regular schedule.
Wouldn't it be nice to be able to squeeze another hour or two into our day.
Luckily you will still in the next 20 point round, giving you a grand total of 45 - enough to squeeze through this time round!
" when i am waiting at the light there, i get halfway into that "lane," that way nobody can squeeze through it.
i've had huge dumptrucks squeeze next to my little geo to turn right!
Also teach him to squeeze through the door if it is only open partway, then when it is only slightly ajar.
The staircase in most places was only wide enough for one and in some places, a person that’s not much larger than me just wouldn’t squeeze through.
We'd fly around corners and squeeze by at high speeds past other cars sometimes forcing them part way off the road.
It seemed as though he was polite to the people he knew, but he always took the right of way with tourists, forcing them to back up until he could squeeze through.
Why should I make room for a motorcyclist that is swerving in and out of traffic and trying to squeeze through a space 5 inches bigger than his bike?
break a foot, sidestepping the advertising boards and dancing around the wheelie bins: mothers with pushchairs looked totally flustered, a group of bemused tourists were hesitating and looking around in a haze of confusion, a lady pushing an elderly man in a wheelchair having to squeeze into a shop doorway until she managed to find a gap to push through.
In the short time I was there I counted over one hundred people trying to squeeze through that narrow space, and none of them could stop to look in the shop windows.
I felt very awkward about doing so ... As if I was questioning or doubting their intelligence, although as the day progressed that's exactly what needed to be done; even with my verbal warnings, six more customers and two more employees still took time to contemplate how to squeeze through the slippery brew rather than find an alternate path around.
In the Bulgaria crash study, the majority of the daytime overtaking crashes involved sideswipes by motorists trying to squeeze through — a conscious bad decision encouraged by the cyclists' poor lane position.
That meant the crowd had to squeeze through two-abreast to reach the corridor to the main exit.
In some cases people zip past me in their cars dangerously close because they just got enough space that they could squeeze through.
It was too small to squeeze through, but it would be easy enough to make the hole larger.
There was a 2 foot tall rock just below it that I had to drive over to miss the tree on the right, and then there was a cliff going up to the left just above the huge boulder, and another large rock on the right creating one more narrow spot for the Unimogs to squeeze through.
With some careful maneuvering, and a bit of spotting, I managed to squeeze by.
" Open letter to all who think there is a right turn lane off of Bulgaria bound high street, turning on to S.B Mission...THERE IS NOT! Ever wonder why you can barely squeeze by the other cars in the lane to your left?
And the poor sod in the wheelchair trying to squeeze by?
However, we were aalso right where all the traffic back and forth to the restrooms was trying to squeeze through.
Every time I was getting into a song, a bunch more people would try to squeeze by.
I find that when one driver crowds the center line, the driver in the adjoining lane is likely to move away as well giving me enough room to squeeze by.
If you have drivers trying to squeeze by in the same lane, you aren't using enough of the lane.
On a NOL road with no shoulder or turn lanes, I've never had anyone even feign an attempt to try to squeeze by on the right while I was centered or left of center in the lane.
Have you experienced someone trying to squeeze by on the right before?
Pycnogenol not only stabilizes the leaky blood vessels by the proper cross linking of collagen, it stabilizes the red blood cells so that it is harder for them to squeeze through tiny leaks in blood vessels...
As long as the blood can squeeze by the narrowing caused by the cholesterol deposits in good volume, the heart will receive sufficient oxygen and nutrients to keep the heart tissue alive.
Also a long one comes in handy if anyone's pooch chases your horse, or a cyclist tries to squeeze by and gets obejctionable when you cant (or dont want to) move over for them (haa haa)!! Some people just use them as a weapon to beat their horse into submission.
A truck would take up the whole road; there wouldn't be room to squeeze by.
There are a few tough, but short climbs, many small areas where you need to squeeze by, and many little tunnels for you to follow!
Our education system is becoming too vocational and occupation-oriented, which is OK if it is not disproportionate and if it doesn't squeeze out the most important role of education, which is civic.
Recessions squeeze out the distortions as the bad business decisions are revealed for what they are.
(FFA) Sometimes, despite itself, the FFA manages to squeeze out a ruling that comports with general common sense.
If you want to squeeze out some hardcore math, find the cutoff frequency of the lowpass formed by c35 and whatever comes before it (DAC network).
Friday (FFA) -- FFA and FFA are trying to squeeze out the remaining shareholders of German companies that they've acquired.
German law lets the shareholders squeeze back, and make money in the process.
For one, there's no guarantee that an acquirer will try to squeeze out remaining investors, or when the effort will occur.
This bill will squeeze out the little guys and hinder other little guys from entering the field.
If you squeeze out the small contractor, you will be forced to do business with the larger, more expensive contractor.
This style is good for providing a sense of tension and fast action, and does well in this book as she slowly reveals the details of just how the Company is trying squeeze out all the 'little' people and take total control of the Belt, but it does take some getting used to.
One danger in the straight "video drives the audio" approach is that the very tightness of the editing style can squeeze out space for creativity.
Still my great-grandparents managed to squeeze out fifteen kids who were healthy and happy, all with the good sense to get the fuck out of dodge when they were old enough.
I can't imagine that most people intentionally squeeze out room for individual dignity.
After highlighting this behaviour to our personnel officer, who relayed it back to the CEO, I was then sent to another area of the department and denied a job for a year... by this time I was finding the behaviour fascinating and I was just there for the ride of the experience until I was squeezed out of the department altogether (on the grounds of my job being made redundant after moving a friend and colleague into it!)...
When I was squeezed out of my Polar business in the Friday, I had another business to fall back on that was also stress free compared to the stress that I felt doing e-commerce.
But I was squeezed out due to the lack of an FCP.
I kept on working until Friday when I was squeezed out – good ole honest John’s IR laws strike again.
I was squeezed out of the church after an insult somebody suffered at the hands of someone in a social group I was part of.
Gradually, I was squeezed out of the work I was doing.
I can't help but  know I was squeezed out.
