I can count on one hand the things I know about Tavvy.

     I'll start with the pinkie. Tavvy is not her real name, but it's all U.L., or anybody else for that matter, have ever called her. We were the next house over, coming from town that is, and being such close neighbors, it was nothing new for us to get her J.C. Penny or Reader's Digest by mistake in the mail. That's the only way I ever knew her first and last names were Ouida and Rolan. Of course, I'd usually just call her Ms. Tavvy, you know, to her face.

     Ring finger: she never had anything worth anything but one sister, Julette, who drowned while she was fourteen; I say "while she was fourteen" because according to U.L., Julette was sensitive about her age, and was not above reminding those around her when she turned half-ages, as in the following sentence: Julette received the Lord Jesus Christ into her heart at the Shabaha County-wide revival when she was thirteen and a half.

     I would swear on a thousand Gideons that my friend Charlie almost drowned one time while he was visiting his aunt in Debalk. I wasn't there, I know, but he wasn't known to lie all that much. And he said it was about the best thing that had ever happened to him. It was soft and quiet and slow, his head full of Christmases and banana pudding which I think is gross and it would have depressed me even more if that'd been my last thought as I left this earth, but, then, at the final minute of what could have been his last possible breath, this Choctaw — they were always at Kemmy Lake, also in Debalk, sitting on the water in boats drinking can after can of Jax — pulled him up over the side into the boat with them, scraping a long, single scar down the whole length of his arm on this piece of metal jutting out from the boat, and so he lived. Plus, he'd been saved by a real live Choctaw which made me a little bit jealous. Charlie always got everything.

<  2  >
     But, then, U.L. said he'd never heard tell of a peaceful drowning.

     As far as I'm concerned, according to the "D" volume of the Encyclopedia Brittanicas, most of which I happen to know are kept, for some reason, in an old International Paper box in the back of U.L.'s hall closet — they're all I have to go on, research-wise, since he was afraid of the computer — say that drowning is…well, they don't really talk about it in terms that are good versus bad. Though, they did say that it was on record that, once, it took someone over an hour to drown completely.

     I'm not sure how they'd know that, particularly, but, then, I am far from a scientist. And those encyclopedias are old as gumbo mud so chances are the information is no good anymore. Chances are people are drowning a lot faster these days.

     I found those encyclopedias by accident when I was actually looking for stilts, which I knew were also kept in the back of the closet, but that's as much as I can tell you about the stilts, right now.

     To be sure, I'm always careful handling the encyclopedias because I think they may be antiques. Every time I pick a volume up, though, and rub its bumpy leather cover, something shoots through me like lightning, and it feels like I'm stealing.

     And I'm OK with that.

     I also happen to know the story of Julette's drowning by heart, as it frequently appears when U.L. is dead-set against letting me do something I want to do. It's the go-to parable, I guess, for parents around here, doubled up if it's an uncle who's raising you, I guess, and not your mom or dad.

     Story goes, she stole a bottle of her daddy's peppermint whisky that he kept for when he had the croup. She stole it straight out from the medicine cabinet in the downstairs bathroom, the full cabinet under the sink, that is; not the one above it. In her defense, if it was anything like our bathroom cabinets, then it wasn't a cabinet that could be locked so I suppose she didn't die a thief, or maybe her father stayed sick so often that he took the lock off; I don't know. That part of the story changes. What you need to know is she and a couple of her friends took the whole bottle with them and went down to that "death of a pier" on Blick's Pond, with Tavvy in tow.