Polypropylene is vacuum formed from a sheet and relies on a coating of 'lossy goo' to give the required loss - that is, to absorb sound waves traveling across its surface just enough so that they don't rebound back across the cone to the voice coil and then back again, etc, etc, but not too much so that the life is choked out of the music. All drivers are lossy, it's getting the right balance between weight, stiffness, and loss that separates good designers from geniuses.. Polypropylene is relatively heavy but it is not particularly stiff, so it tends to "lose" what some feel is a bit more than the optimum amount of musical "life," energy, and also detail. Further, from reported experience, the 'goo' tends to change its properties over time, which is one reason, I presume, that many manufacturers who use polypropylene drivers considerately keeps replacement drivers in stock. The BC 1's I owned briefly had replacement mid-woofers - though to be fair they were nearly twenty years old!
Different materials have different capacities to hold and conduct heat. When we touch or have our skin near to objects, we are given clues as to what they are made of by the heat flow to or from them. A steel rod will hold a large amount of heat and it will quickly pass it to or absorb it from your hand. Wood holds less heat and will feel warmer and 'softer' in this respect.
Our bodies also radiate heat themselves. If we radiate more than we absorb, we can feel this heat leaving our bodies. Nearby surfaces that are absorbing more of the heat than they are giving to us feel cold. Wall materials that feel most comfortable in fluctuating weather conditions are those that provide a constant source of radiant background heat. This provides the kind of thermal stability that is required for the body to relax without the static and dead atmosphere that results from the sealed air envelope needed for efficient convected heating. If a wall material is cold we may insulate against the effects of negative radiation by covering the wall with heavy curtains, wood panelling or similar material.
Very dry air, especially moving hot dry air, will absorb body moisture too quickly, drying eyes, bronchial tubes, sinuses etc. This may lead to soreness or the production of excess mucous and lowers our defense to respiratory disease. 'Dry air' is air with an R.H. of 35% or less. 30% is often the case in houses with central heating. Although our sense of heat flow does not measure humidity as such, we get a good indication of humidity by the sensed air temperature compared with the rate of evaporation (cooling) of skin surface moisture. Especially around the nose and mouth as we breathe in.
Remember, you still have the capacity to sweat when you are working out in the cold. Cotton absorbs moisture, which cools the body. Instead, use as the first layer fabrics that help moisture evaporate by drawing it away from the body, such as silk, nylon or polypropylene. A cotton material can serve as the second layer to absorb the moisture. Wool is also a good material to wear because it is warm even when wet.
When any foul smelling material is deposited into a humanure toilet, it is covered with a clean organic material in order to prevent odor, absorb moisture and prepare the material for composting. This is how humanure is mixed with the other organic materials that allow it to be composted — by covering it. No manual mixing, stirring or digging of the humanure is required, only covering. Therefore, the clean organic materials used in the toilet are called “cover materials.” The cover materials used in the toilet should have a somewhat dry and fine consistency. Sawdust from trees (rather than dry boards) is ideal, but other materials can be used depending on what is locally available. Some areas utilize rice hulls, others utilize coco coir, peat moss, rotted leaves, etc., even shredded junk mail. Proper cover materials are absolutely essential to the successful operation of a humanure toilet.
Rain water is good for compost because it helps keep the compost moist. Once the compost starts working, it can absorb a lot of moisture. In areas where rain is excessive such as monsoon areas, it may be advisable to cover the compost during heavy rains. If the compost is subjected to excessive rain, it can leach liquids from the bottom of the pile. This is unlikely to occur under normal circumstances. However, in severe rain conditions a simple water-proof cover over the compost, such as a large plastic bag or tarp, will prevent leaching. In dry climates, in addition to allowing rain to wet the compost, the compost may need to be watered. Graywater, for example, can be used for this purpose.
Now there is evidence that a substance called Octyl Methoxycinnamate (OMC) used as a UVB filter in 90% of sunscreens worldwide may it self be toxic? Sircuit® Cosmeceuticals never formulates with OMC. We prefer physical sunscreens and blocks such as Titanium Dioxide, Zinc Oxide and Zirconium Oxide which deflect the damaging rays as opposed to chemical blocks (like OMC) which absorb the rays. DAY CARETM and WHITE OUTTM have Micronized Titanium Dioxide which is roughly the equivalent of an SPF 15.
Hyaluronic Acid: The Chiral form: L-Sodium Hyaluronate- Chirally Correct pure Hyaluronic Acid is intensely hydrating and plumps the skin with moisture. It assists the skin in maintaining proper moisture levels. It re-hydrates, as well as re-energizes cellular renewal and helps protect against free radical damage. Hyaluronic Acid provides superior moisturizing capability by absorbing more water than most moisturizing agents. Its unmatched hydrating properties result in increased smoothness, softening and decrease in wrinkles and stimulates the skin's natural regeneration process to significantly improve its appearance. Sircuit®'s SECRET SAUCETM, I. CEE. U.TM and SIRCUIT WEAPONTM contain Hyaluronic Acid (Chirally Correct form L-Sodium Hyaluronate).
For the maximum longevity, place the tape in a zip lock bag along with a small pouch of silica gel (a desiccant), which will absorb any moisture. Silica gel is available in some hardware stores and in most craft shops (used to dry flowers) but you can always find them in quantity for much less money on eBay. Quantities of 50 usually run around $9.00 or so but you can purchase silica gel in bulk and make your own bags for much less. 4 lbs is about $15 and will do several hundred tapes at least. 1/2 teaspoon into a small sealed plastic bag punctured with tiny air holes will do nicely... This won't make your video tape "immortal" but will greatly extend it's shelf life - especially in humid climates.
Treatment is usually very effective, especially if started early. Drugs are given orally that kill the parasite and prevent further damage to the cells lining the intestine. If the disease is allowed to progress to the point where the calf is run down, dehydrated and anemic, significant permanent changes have taken place that cannot be reversed. The calf will never be able to absorb nutrients to its fullest potential and therefore won’t grow or produce to capacity. Prevention, as always, is much cheaper and more effective than treatment.
A. No case of fatal salvinorin poisoning has been reported. The human oral lethal dose is not known but is believed to be extremely high. Leander Valdes, III provided the following information for inclusion in this FAQ regarding acute toxicity studies in mice: "I tested Salvinorin A intraperitoneally in mice at very high doses and it appeared to be not very toxic. This was long before the compound was being taken orally and it was testing about as potent as mescaline in the assay I was using. In light of the extreme potency of the compound, I think it quite possible and probably very likely that it was not being well absorbed. I had it in a mix of corn oil, tween 80 (a fancy emulsifier) and water. Dissolving the compound in solvents such as ethanol, acetone or DMSO probably delivers quite a bit more drug to the body (I didn't use them because I wanted an inactive vehicle). "
Swallowed salvinorin is not well absorbed. The chances of inadvertently swallowing a lethal overdose of an oral preparation of leaves, slurry or elixir are extremely low.
AC: There is more to it than that. The excretion has some of the genetic coding within it. This is really what they are after. Apparently they can absorb it, but their bodies don't produce it. There is a chemical that we have in our brains that no other life form creates. It is a result of the fact that we have 22 genetic lines within human DNA, plus the primate race. No one can yet copy this chemical yet. As far as them being galactic drug dealers, I have never heard them referred to as that, but it's interesting.
If any of the above barriers cannot be circumvented, capitalists are unable profitably to reinvest their surplus product. Capital accumulation is blocked, leaving them facing a crisis, in which their capital can be devalued and in some instances even physically wiped out. Surplus commodities can lose value or be destroyed, while productive capacity and assets can be written down and left unused; money itself can be devalued through inflation, and labour through massive unemployment. How, then, has the need to circumvent these barriers and to expand the terrain of profitable activity driven capitalist urbanization? I argue here that urbanization has played a particularly active role, alongside such phenomena as military expenditures, in absorbing the surplus product that capitalists perpetually produce in their search for profits.
Haussmann clearly understood that his mission was to help solve the surplus-capital and unemployment problem through urbanization. Rebuilding Paris absorbed huge quantities of labour and capital by the standards of the time and, coupled with suppressing the aspirations of the Parisian workforce, was a primary vehicle of social stabilization. He drew upon the utopian plans that Fourierists and Saint-Simonians had debated in the 1840s for reshaping Paris, but with one big difference: he transformed the scale at which the urban process was imagined. When the architect Jacques Ignace Hittorff showed Haussmann his plans for a new boulevard, Haussmann threw them back at him saying: ‘not wide enough... you have it 40 metres wide and I want it 120.’ He annexed the suburbs and redesigned whole neighbourhoods such as Les Halles. To do this Haussmann needed new financial institutions and debt instruments, the Crédit Mobilier and Crédit Immobilier, which were constructed on Saint-Simonian lines. In effect, he helped resolve the capital-surplus disposal problem by setting up a proto-Keynesian system of debt-financed infrastructural urban improvements.
Two exceptions seem noteworthy: 1. the "Zachery-treated turquoise," which is virtually impossible to distinguish from some high quality, naturally dense turquoise except by chemical analyses. – Although details about this proprietary procedure have not been published, Fritsch et al. (1999), provide some insightful statements, which they received from James E. Zachery, the "entrepreneurial electrical engineer who 'grew up' in the turquoise trade" and devised the treatment. Two aspects are of particular interest: 1.only natural turquoise precursors that are of at least medium quality can be so treated; and 2."Zachery-treated turquoise" contains more potassium than its untreated precursors. In any case, the increased durability of this product renders it more easily and safely worked and polished, and its reduced porosity means it will not absorb fluids such as perspiration and fluid-based cosmetics, which, as just mentioned, frequently cause untreated turquoise to lose its depth of color and/or take on less than attractive unnatural colors. 2. See note re "Elgen" treated turquoise in DESCRIPTION, under H. (hardness).
We could talk about how the oceans interact with the land, the exotic thermodynamic property of ice compared to other solids that makes it possible to skate and ski, and also for glaciers to flow, making them the subject of wonderful mystery and unpredictability. We could talk about the land-surface-air interactions, and how we not only have to think about flow over land of different heights, but around buildings, through forests, past every leaf. We could talk about the ever so important first kilometer of air above the ground and ocean, and all of the rich chemistry that goes on in the air and ground; the gases emitted by the soil and volcanoes; the gases absorbed and lost; the chemicals that the rain cleans out of the air; the fluid-solid interactions of rivers. And we have not even arrived at butterflies or seagulls, or the family dog for that matter. (Storm: 95)
The metaphor itself is fundamentally wrong on two important levels. The first is that greenhouses are not what they are because they are notoriously high in CO2 levels. The opposite is true. Greenhouses exhibit a lack of CO2 that can hinder plant growth5. This is caused by the fact that plants absorb CO2. So adding CO2 to the atmosphere does not make earth more like a greenhouse which tends to have less CO2 than the outside air, particularly in the winter months. The presence of CO2 is not what makes a greenhouse warmer than the outside air. That part of the metaphor is based on myth and unreality.
Two exceptions seem noteworthy: 1. the "Zachery-treated turquoise," which is virtually impossible to distinguish from some high quality, naturally dense turquoise except by chemical analyses. – Although details about this proprietary procedure have not been published, Fritsch et al. (1999), provide some insightful statements, which they received from James E. Zachery, the "entrepreneurial electrical engineer who 'grew up' in the turquoise trade" and devised the treatment. Two aspects are of particular interest: 1.only natural turquoise precursors that are of at least medium quality can be so treated; and 2."Zachery-treated turquoise" contains more potassium than its untreated precursors. In any case, the increased durability of this product renders it more easily and safely worked and polished, and its reduced porosity means it will not absorb fluids such as perspiration and fluid-based cosmetics, which, as just mentioned, frequently cause untreated turquoise to lose its depth of color and/or take on less than attractive unnatural colors. 2. See note re "Elgen" treated turquoise in DESCRIPTION, under H. (hardness).
We could talk about how the oceans interact with the land, the exotic thermodynamic property of ice compared to other solids that makes it possible to skate and ski, and also for glaciers to flow, making them the subject of wonderful mystery and unpredictability. We could talk about the land-surface-air interactions, and how we not only have to think about flow over land of different heights, but around buildings, through forests, past every leaf. We could talk about the ever so important first kilometer of air above the ground and ocean, and all of the rich chemistry that goes on in the air and ground; the gases emitted by the soil and volcanoes; the gases absorbed and lost; the chemicals that the rain cleans out of the air; the fluid-solid interactions of rivers. And we have not even arrived at butterflies or seagulls, or the family dog for that matter. (Storm: 95)
The metaphor itself is fundamentally wrong on two important levels. The first is that greenhouses are not what they are because they are notoriously high in CO2 levels. The opposite is true. Greenhouses exhibit a lack of CO2 that can hinder plant growth5. This is caused by the fact that plants absorb CO2. So adding CO2 to the atmosphere does not make earth more like a greenhouse which tends to have less CO2 than the outside air, particularly in the winter months. The presence of CO2 is not what makes a greenhouse warmer than the outside air. That part of the metaphor is based on myth and unreality.
A collection of airborne solid or liquid particles, with a typical size between 0.01 and 10 µm and residing in the atmosphere for at least several hours. Aerosols may be of either natural or anthropogenic origin. Aerosols may influence climate in two ways: directly through scattering and absorbing radiation, and indirectly through acting as condensation nuclei for cloud formation or modifying the optical properties and lifetime of clouds. See: Indirect aerosol effect.
An index, describing the radiative characteristics of well mixed greenhouse gases, that represents the combined effect of the differing times these gases remain in the atmosphere and their relative effectiveness in absorbing outgoing infrared radiation. This index approximates the time-integrated warming effect of a unit mass of a given greenhouse gas in today's atmosphere, relative to that of carbon dioxide.
Greenhouse gases effectively absorb infrared radiation, emitted by the Earth's surface, by the atmosphere itself due to the same gases, and by clouds. Atmospheric radiation is emitted to all sides, including downward to the Earth's surface. Thus greenhouse gases trap heat within the surface-troposphere system. This is called the natural greenhouse effect.
In summary, I embrace the principles embodied in each of these points. That said, each change will increase the costs associated with the origination of loans. Who will absorb those costs? Originators? No way. Investors? No way. Rating agencies? No way. Borrowers? Way!!
The color we perceive an object to be is determined by which wavelengths of light are absorbed or reflected by the object. Only the reflected wavelengths reach our eye and are seen as color. The leaves of most common plants absorb red, orange, blue & violet . At the same time they reflect all the green wavelengths and are therefore seen to be green in color. These characteristics of the object are referred to as its spectral reflectance.
Atoms emit or absorb light in characteristic wavelengths: hydrogen, helium, and all the other atomic elements have their own spectrum signatures. In the early part of this century, Vesto Slipher was studying the spectra of light emitted from nearby galaxies. He noticed that the light coming from many galaxies was shifted toward the red, or longer wavelength, end of the spectrum. The simplest interpretation of this "redshift" was that the galaxies were moving away from us.
I was looking for a way to eliminate the XP penalty but keeping the general idea of the character viable. (Basically a character that uses wizard spells to help land sneak attacks, or hit anything, absorb damage, concealment and so on)
To transform things into a substance, the character must have spent at least one minute absorbing it into his body previously. One substance can be remembered per M.E. point, and substance memories can be overwritten. A good idea is to memorize some useful molecular patterns and keep them forever, and have a set of patterns that are common and can be overwritten.
Touch can drain the A.R. of others and add it to the user's own, thus increasing his defenses. Each touch drains one point of A.R. for every full three levels of experience. Note: Invulnerable characters, are considered to have the equivalent of A.R. 24 in regards to this power. Getting drained far enough (below an A.R. of 20) will make them somewhat vulnerable. They'll take half damage from attacks that bypass their weakened A.R. No A.R. can be drained below a 5, and it must be absorbed from living beings. Gaining an A.R. of 18 or more means that the character's effective A.R. is 17 but attacks that have higher strike rolls do only half damage.
The character needs to absorb five times his P.E. in Chi every day for his growth (level increase, still ages). This is done by altering the absorbed lifeforce to match your own, and takes one minute per point of Chi . It requires little concentration, but prevents the character from absorbing any more Chi while 'eating'.
If the character does not take the time to absorb the required lifeforce, he will not gain any experience that day. The absorption of Chi governs his essential growth.
Kingdom Fungi: The fungi include molds, which are multicellular, and yeasts, which are made up of a single cell. Fungi are also eukaryotes, but they don't have the ability to photosynthesize, and they are generally non-motile. Fungi are distinct from other organisms in that they obtain their nutrients by absorbing carbon compounds from living or dead organic matter. Fungi digest their food outside of their body by secreting enzymes (exoenzymes) that break down the food into smaller compounds that the fungus can then absorb and use for energy. Examples of fungi include mushrooms, such as those you might see in the forest, and molds, which sometimes grow on old bread.
The process by which radiant energy is absorbed and converted into other forms of energy. A substance that absorbs energy may also be a medium of refraction, diffraction, or scattering; these processes, however, involve no energy retention or transformation and are to be clearly differentiated from absorption.
Particles, other than water or ice, suspended in the atmosphere ranging in radius from one-hundredth to one-ten-millionth of a centimeter -- or 102 to 10-3 microns (µ). Aerosols are important as nuclei for the condensation of water droplets and ice crystals, and as participants in various atmospheric chemical reactions. Perhaps most significantly, they absorb solar radiation, then emit and scatter it, influencing the radiation budget of the Earth-atmosphere system, which in turn influences the climate on Earth's surface. Aerosols from volcanic eruptions can lead to a cooling at the surface, which may delay greenhouse warming for a few years following a major eruption.
1. An ideal emitter that radiates energy at the maximum possible rate per unit area at each wavelength for any given temperature. A blackbody also absorbs all the radiant energy in the near visible spectrum incident upon it. No actual substance behaves as a true blackbody, although platinum black and other soots rather closely approximate this ideal. However, one does speak of a blackbody with respect to a particular wavelength interval. This concept is fundamental to all the radiation laws, and is to be compared with the similarly idealized concepts of the whitebody and the graybody. In accordance with Kirchhoff's law, a blackbody not only absorbs all wavelengths but emits at all wavelengths and does so with maximum possible intensity for any given temperature.
2. Any physical body absorbs and emits electromagnetic radiation when its temperature is above absolute zero. Planck's law determines the radiant flux of a body at a specific wavelength. In atmospheric chemistry, the calculation involving Earth's blackbody radiation shows that Earth's surface temperature would be below the freezing point of water if it did not have an atmosphere that absorbed some of the outgoing radiation.
A hypothetical, ideal radiator that totally absorbs and reemits all energy incident upon it. Actual objects only approach this ideal.
Electromagnetic radiation lying in the wavelength interval from 0.7 µ to 1000 µ. Its lower limit is bounded by visible radiation, and its upper limit by microwave radiation. Most energy emitted by Earth and its atmosphere is at infrared wavelength. Infrared radiation is generated almost entirely by large-scale intramolecular processes. The triatomic gases, such as water vapor, carbon dioxide, and ozone, absorb infrared radiation and play important roles in propagating infrared radiation in the atmosphere. Abbreviated IR; also called "longwave radiation."
2. If a change of state occurs from gas to liquid or liquid to solid, internal energy in the form of heat is released. If a change of state occurs from solid to liquid or liquid to gas, heat is required. Different compounds absorb and release different amounts of latent heat. Water takes nearly 600 kilocalories for each kilogram of water condensed.
Rhizoplane - The rhizoplane is the site of exudates. The rhizoplane is the boundary where soil elements in water are absorbed into the tree. Under an electron microscope, the rhizoplane appears as a jelly where microorganisms and tree cells mix, making it impossible to tell which side is tree and which is soil.
Rhizosphere - The rhizosphere is the absorbing root-soil interface. It is the zone, about one millimeter in width, surrounding the epidermis of living root hairs and the boundary cells of mycorrhizae as well as hyphae growing out from some mycorrhizae. The rhizosphere is the zone about one millimeter about the surface of absorbing non-woody roots, mycorrhizae, and the hyphae growing from the mycorrhizae. A constantly changing mix of organisms inhabit the rhizosphere and surrounding soil. Bacteria, actinomycetes, fungi, protozoa, slime mold, algae, nematodes, enchytraeid worms, earthworms, millipedes, centipedes, insects, mites, snails, small animals and soil viruses compete constantly for water, food, and space. (See TROUBLES IN THE RHIZOSPHERE, SHIGO, 1996)
Root Hairs - A root hair is the extension of a single epidermal cell, epidermal, which means skin. Root hairs absorb water and elements dissolved in it. Root hairs are organs that grow within days when water, temperate, and soluble essential elements are at optimum levels. Root hairs "come fast" and "go fast". They die and are shed after a few weeks. A root hair is the extension of a single epidermal cell. Root hairs and mycorrhizae are alive and well in midwinter in non-frozen soils during warm spells and non-frozen soil below frozen soils. As root hairs and mycorrhizae die, they add organic material to the soil. Non-woody roots shed dying and dead root hairs and epidermal cells. The shed cells are digested by soil microorganisms. They recycle elements essential for life.
Xylem - Xylem is not wood. Xylem is a transport tissue in vascular plants. It transports free water and substances dissolved in it, from absorbing non-woody roots to leaves. When xylem is lignified it is then correctly called wood. Lignified means that high amounts of the natural "cement" called lignin is deposited within the cellulose strands in the cell walls. This makes the cell walls very tough. Having tough, lignified cell walls is a unique feature of trees. Xylem is born from the cambium zone. Xylem rays connect radially to form phloem rays. The phloem rays connect circumferentially to form the phellogen.
Rhizoplane - The rhizoplane is the site of exudates. The rhizoplane is the boundary where soil elements in water are absorbed into the tree. Under an electron microscope, the rhizoplane appears as a jelly where microorganisms and tree cells mix, making it impossible to tell which side is tree and which is soil.
Rhizosphere - The rhizosphere is the absorbing root-soil interface. It is the zone, about one millimeter in width, surrounding the epidermis of living root hairs and the boundary cells of mycorrhizae as well as hyphae growing out from some mycorrhizae. The rhizosphere is the zone about one millimeter about the surface of absorbing non-woody roots, mycorrhizae, and the hyphae growing from the mycorrhizae. A constantly changing mix of organisms inhabit the rhizosphere and surrounding soil. Bacteria, actinomycetes, fungi, protozoa, slime mold, algae, nematodes, enchytraeid worms, earthworms, millipedes, centipedes, insects, mites, snails, small animals and soil viruses compete constantly for water, food, and space. (See TROUBLES IN THE RHIZOSPHERE, SHIGO, 1996)
Root Hairs - A root hair is the extension of a single epidermal cell, epidermal, which means skin. Root hairs absorb water and elements dissolved in it. Root hairs are organs that grow within days when water, temperate, and soluble essential elements are at optimum levels. Root hairs "come fast" and "go fast". They die and are shed after a few weeks. A root hair is the extension of a single epidermal cell. Root hairs and mycorrhizae are alive and well in midwinter in non-frozen soils during warm spells and non-frozen soil below frozen soils. As root hairs and mycorrhizae die, they add organic material to the soil. Non-woody roots shed dying and dead root hairs and epidermal cells. The shed cells are digested by soil microorganisms. They recycle elements essential for life.
Xylem - Xylem is not wood. Xylem is a transport tissue in vascular plants. It transports free water and substances dissolved in it, from absorbing non-woody roots to leaves. When xylem is lignified it is then correctly called wood. Lignified means that high amounts of the natural "cement" called lignin is deposited within the cellulose strands in the cell walls. This makes the cell walls very tough. Having tough, lignified cell walls is a unique feature of trees. Xylem is born from the cambium zone. Xylem rays connect radially to form phloem rays. The phloem rays connect circumferentially to form the phellogen.
Thin bioporous membrane filters in the upper nasal cavities, coated to absorb and break down dangerous chemicals. Have to learn to breathe in through the nose, out through the mouth for this to have any bonus effect. (A circular breathing chip (cost 200) is available to make this a reflexive habit) The filters are ejectable by squeezing the bridge of the nose till the holder clicks and then sneezing the filter blocks out. Gives a +4 save vs breathable toxins.
Rebreathers operate by extracting the carbon dioxide from the air you have already breathed and passing it through your lungs again. As you only take a fraction of the oxygen out of the air you breathe each time, this allows you to get two or three good breathes out of each lung full of air. These lung implants allow you to exhale into your mouth and re- inhale, a small movement that keeps the air moving over the carbon dioxide absorbing sponge filters implanted in the upper lung. This allows you to hold your breath for three times longer than normal. The Carbon dioxide absorbing sponges release the CO2 slowly once you're breathing normally, taking about an hour to self clean (during which you'll only be able to get double the time)
Oxygen sponges implanted under the lungs, which absorb oxygen from the blood and store it as long as oxygen is plentiful in the bloodstream. When oxygen levels are low, the implant releases its stored oxygen into the blood. Good for 10 minutes of resting or light activity, or 5 minutes of rapid activity The sponge is flammable, and will burn if hit by an incendiary bullet (double the incendiary damage)
Improved lungs, with a spongiform lining that takes up oxygen faster and more efficiently. If inhaled toxins or irritants get into the lung, the spongiform lining absorbs it and then sloughs off into the lung mucus, where it is then coughed up and swallowed. The uptake rates are so high, each breathe is so shallow that when at rest you need to deliberately breathe in to get enough air in your lungs to talk normally.
The major muscle groups are removed the replaced with vat grown augmented muscle. The new muscle tissue is usually a Type O group, laced with synthetic fibres and improved circulation. This is stronger than normal tissue, contracts better, is cleaner and more energy efficient. Density is higher, so it can absorb and cushion impacts. Every time you're injured you need a doc to patch the damage so it regrows properly, costing 200 and an easy medtech roll Level 1 is +1 bod, not as obvious as grafted muscle Level 2 is +2 BOD makes you look bulky, like Grafted 1.
Children and youth are in a constant state of absorbing information. Since their senses are newly acute and their brain patterns are in the process of being established, their ability to take in new information is often better than people who are older. They may be more receptive to learning languages or music or acquiring physical skills. However, they do not have the cognitive foundation of knowledge to analyze the information they are acquiring. Therefore, they tend to make decisions or solve problems through trial and error. They tend to remember things well only for a short time.
Children and youth initially rely on physical expression for communication, and gradually absorb language, and then become verbal. Infants communicate through noise and physical action. Throughout early childhood and into adolescence, forms of play remain the primary methods of ventilation. Games, dance, exercise, or athletics may all serve as modes of expression. As children become adults, there is a social value placed on how well they can communicate through reading, writing, or speaking. There is also evidence that linguistic ability contributes to brain development and mental functioning. Sometimes illiteracy, or the inability to speak the primary language of the country, interferes with the development of communication skills. For some, barriers to development of communication skills can also be barriers to development of adult learning skills.
There is a need to focus on the level and nature of the primary needs of a child and the developmental tasks that may be particularly vulnerable to disruption at the time of the trauma as well as the child's ability to absorb, respond to, and remember information. Children need to process their traumas through each developmental stage. If the trauma and grief inhibit, delay, or cause a child to "skip" a developmental stage, there will be a need to revisit that stage in light of the traumatic grief.
Just like children, the elderly should be encouraged to express themselves in play activities, artwork, music, dance or drama. Music seems to be a powerful tool for evoking emotional reactions and reassuring older people. Caregivers should know that the music that one learns, creates, or absorbs as a teenager or young adult is often the most memorable in later years. If an older person can articulate their reactions to various forms of expression, it assists in their construction of a narrative about what happened.
Since its founding in 1970, the National Theater Institute (NTI) has sought to provide the ideal complement to the liberal arts education. Created as enrichment for college-age students, in the belief that study of theater learned from working professionals is a valid discipline for life, our mission is to expose YOU to intensive conservatory-based training, and to provide an "orientation" into the professional theater. After a semester at NTI, you will have a sense of the commitment necessary for a career in the theater, and a deeper knowledge of your capabilities, weaknesses, and strengths. NTI is an extraordinarily demanding and wide-ranging series of classes and workshops in Acting, Directing, Playwriting, Movement, Voice, and Costume and Scene Design. The working professionals who make up the faculty have all made a life in the theater. You will absorb information not only in the classroom or studio, but also in the dining room and on walks to the beach. You will be exposed to a variety of methods and styles, all with the unifying goal of offering a practical and professional approach to working in the theater. The 14-week National Theater Institute program is fully accredited through Connecticut College.
Thankfully we live in a society where we can make choices. As an educator, I think that we create an atmosphere that overflows with choices for our students. But it is up to them to make a choice. The choice to listen to what the lesson for the day is; the choice to do their homework; the choice to behave for the teacher....etc I tell my students you have a choice to learn and educate yourselves in many different subjects. You have a choice to contribute, to listen and absorb things, new and old, educational, and creative that will make you grow as a human being. And you have a choice to grow up to be an uneducated, mentally underdeveloped loser with no sense of direction or purpose in your life. Does a student "intend" to make a choice?
There are things I know I know...there are things I think I know and there are things I would like to know. The sources of my knowledge are pretty varied...it helps to hang around geeks and absorb knowledge (which doesn't always come with understanding) and I'm more than happy to learn things I don't know. I am however, rightly skeptical about the alleged knowledge of many other people I don't know.
Rescuing occurs when people try to keep the "problem" safely tucked away. They protect and "cover" the troubled behavior. They write the excuses, pay the money, make the phone calls and absorb the anxiety of the problem. Meanwhile, the person with the problem is off the hook. She has someone else doing all the work.
Instead of put your hand out and whine and blame George Bush for your lack of intestinal fortitude. My point is its possible to do anything you want here, if you have the balls and your willing to struggle for a while, make it happen. Its not the governments job or tax payers to provide you with everything Or make you absorb knowledge or the guts to succeed. Every person needs to find that in themselves.The government does have a program that can help and they will pay you as you learn.
It is a false assumption that a person through an act of will can listen and absorb the message on a special occasion, just as effectively as a person who has trained himself or herself in this area. Some subjects are indeed sufficiently gripping to cause one to desire to comprehend all, but good listening is a learned behavior, and can be summoned up to its fullest extent for use only after it has been developed through practice and application. A person who is a poor tennis player cannot suddenly become a good one by resolving to do so, nor can a poor listener suddenly become a good one by an act of will.
Since you have scarcely learned the elements of self-control, in psychism, you must suffer bad consequences. You draw to yourself the nearest and strongest influences " often evil " and absorb them, and are psychically stifled or narcotised by them. The airs become peopled with resuscitated phantoms. They give you false tokens, misleading revelations, deceptive images. Your vivid creative fancy evokes illusive Gurus and chelas [disciples], and puts into their mouths words coined the instant before in the mint of your mind, unknown to yourself. The false appear as real, as the true, and you have no exact method of detection since you are yet prone to force your communications to agree with your preconceptions. 
Because your ego and your mind are aligned, you possess much mental energy. You are always in a position to think about what you want, and in many ways, this is an interruption of the will. You are highly intelligent with a great drive to communicate with other. You invest a lot of pride in your intellectual capacities. You may not always listen as well as you speak, however! You might be too busy thinking about what to say next. But you are very curious and although you enjoy expressing yourself, you usually don't dominate conversations completely. As far as studying or learning goes, you are better off reading the material than listening to a teacher. These traits come from a strong need to take an active role in communications. It is very hard for you to passively listen and absorb information.
If one considers what history tells us — and it does not, indeed, reach very far back — one can fall quite easily into the belief (although this is, even in relation to shorter periods of time, an entirely unfounded belief) that things on earth have always appeared as they do now. This, however, is not the case. On the contrary, conditions on our earth have altered fundamentally, and the soul conditions of human beings have also changed to a tremendous extent. The souls of the persons sitting here were incarnated during each of these ancient periods in bodies that were in keeping with the various epochs, and they absorbed what was to be absorbed in these periods of earthly evolution. With each succeeding incarnation, then, the soul developed new faculties. Our souls were entirely different from what they are today — perhaps not so noticeably different during the Greco-Latin era, but in the old Persian period they differed greatly from those of today, and still more in the ancient Indian period. In those ancient periods, our souls were endowed with quite different faculties, and they lived under quite different conditions.
When things are spoken of such as those we have discussed today, when we attempt to shed light upon the more intimate mysteries, let us not regard them thoughtlessly as one is likely to listen to certain things today, but let us be quite clear that anthroposophy should become for us something totally different from mere theory. Of course, the teaching must be there; how would one be able to rise to such thoughts as have been uttered here today if it were not possible to absorb them in the form of teaching? What is essential, however, is that it should not remain teaching but rather be remolded in our souls into traits of feeling (Gemuet) and character, into an entirely different disposition, and that it should thus make totally different human beings of us. It should guide us in making the right use of our incarnations, so that we may be able during their course to develop into something entirely different.
As a religion, Voodoo is known as a, “syncretic religion based on ancient African rites and Catholicism.”[x] Voodoo spirituality readily adapted to the Haitian brand of Roman Catholicism because, “Despite their difference, Voodoo and its African derived sister religions share a core of tolerance, for they do not believe that theirs is the only true faith.”[xi] Central to Voodoo are the twin religious values of pluralism and syncretism. But Voodoo possesses more than a tendency to accommodate and absorb other religious practices and faiths.
By their own exertion, and assisted by the mechanism of drumming, the new spiritualists attempt to experience the energy within them coalesce with the energy around them (i.e., with other persons, the immediate environment, and, ultimately, the universe). If attained, this felt union with nature is considered to be an enlightened state of “at-one-ment,” in which the new spiritualists suppose themselves to be absorbed into God. Facilitated by drumming, this union is the goal of mystical-religious experience.
Now consider high-ability students in mediocre schools who do not play the classroom game. They are bored with their classes and sometimes get Bs and the occasional C, but they have active minds and are looking for ways to occupy themselves. They spend all their time on the debate team or writing for the high school newspaper, or in the drama department. By the end of high school, they have a long list of accomplishments studding their applications. One way or the other, by the end of high school, students in this category are very likely to have done things that will catch the attention of an admissions officer. And again, their achievement test scores are high. These students are at least as intellectually curious as those who play the game. Their Bs do not mean they didn’t absorb the substance of the coursework, and they too have typically encountered and retained large amounts of information outside school.
The high-ability students in such schools who are playing the game, studying hard, have no problem at all if the SAT is eliminated. They have nearly straight As on their transcripts, which most college admissions offices treat as the most important single source of information. Their letters of recommendation are afire with zeal on their behalf. These students also do well on the achievement tests. A hard-working, high-ability physics student is likely to absorb enough physics from the textbook to do well on the physics achievement test despite a so-so teacher. In addition, high-ability kids who play the game have usually been reading voraciously—and in the process picked up a great deal of knowledge about history, literature, and culture on their own. This information has been gathered inefficiently, but high-ability students absorb knowledge like a sponge, no matter what schools they attend.
We find ourselves, practitioners and lay people alike, trying futilely to absorb the avalanche of information and research in nutrition that has descended upon us and only promises to gain speed with ever-increasing volume. We're bombarded with seemingly endless newspaper and magazine articles, health books, interviews on radio and television, internet sites, all touting opposing points of view. What are we to do with the blessing/curse of this information explosion?
His school was near Fulbert's house. He asked Fulbert to allow him to call. The good old swivel saw here a rare opportunity: his niece, whom he so much loved, would absorb knowledge from this man, and it would not cost him a cent. Such was Fulbert—penurious.
OSD’s proud past prepares us for the future. What challenges will OSD graduates face in 2029, the 200th Anniversary of OSD’s founding? What will our graduates need to know to contribute to Ohio’s and America’s economy and security? What skills must they learn to be employed, support themselves and their own families, and help others? How can Ohio’s deaf students prepare themselves to provide leadership in our state, our nation, and the world? With world events happening dramatically and technology changing almost too fast to absorb, how does OSD prepare for its role in the 21st Century?
While Freemasonry is not a religion, its ceremonies are of a serious nature, dignified in their presentation and impart teachings that, if properly understood, obligate a man to lead a better life. To get the greatest good from the ceremonies, a candidate should first prepare his mind to understand and absorb these teachings. The candidate should pay strict attention to every part of the ceremony, in order that he may gain some understanding of the teachings of Freemasonry. The methods we use in teaching may be new and unusual to the candidate, but these methods have been used for many centuries and have not changed significantly since they originated. Finally, he should remember that every Mason in the Lodge room is his friend and brother.
Then, too, some environments come perilously close to totalism but at the same time keep alternative paths open; this combination can offer unusual opportunities for achieving intellectual and emotional depth. And even the most full-blown totalist milieu can provide (more or less despite itself) a valuable and enlarging life experience - if the man exposed has both the opportunity to leave the extreme environment and the inner capacity to absorb and make inner use of the totalist pressures.
It is crystal clear that Moore, in these brief excerpts, is treating the origin of that first kind of knowledge: apprehension, that is directly dependent on sensory experience. This work by Moore solves the problem that has baffled idealist philosophers from Descartes, to Hume, to Kant, to Sartre: namely, how that immaterial faculty, intellect, can absorb or assimilate within its awareness the knowledge of an objective material being. This philosophic-scientific feat earned Moore international distinction in modern psychology.
They absorb information quickly, in images and video as well as text, from multiple sources simultaneously. They operate at "twitch speed," expecting instant responses and feedback. They prefer random "on-demand" access to media, expect to be in constant communication with their friends (who may be next door or around the world), and they are as likely to create their own media (or download someone else's) as to purchase a book or a CD [3].
Please take careful note of the fact that the wording here used is "work", and not "General Conference". What, then, is the word "work" here referring to? "In a special sense Seventh-day Adventists have been set in the world as watchmen and light bearers. To them has been entrusted the last warning for a perishing world. On them is shining wonderful light from the word of God. They have been given a WORK of the most solemn import--the proclamation of the first, second, and third angels' messages. There is no other WORK of so great importance. They are to allow nothing else to absorb their attention.
It doesn't say that they are to allow floats in the Rose Parade, and Christmas specials on network TV, etc, to absorb their attention. Going on: "The most solemn truths ever entrusted to mortals have been given us to proclaim to the world [not just brush over in the lesson quarterly, once in a rare while]. The proclamation of these truths is to be our work.
There are many layers of meaning to the words “Body of Christ.” You will need to consider how much your students already know and how much they are able to absorb. The six-year-old may not have attained the same fullness of understanding as has the eight-year-old. Yet, you’ll want to challenge all the students under your care.
Robby, you're absolutely right about Porter goss and the CIA, Heat of the moment. Too many issues and acronyms to absorb. As far as the personal, well it's politics. It is, after all, our lives that are at stake.
While Western Civilization has succeeded in girdling the globe it has done so at every step by absorbing important elements from the other civilizations it has encountered sometimes more and sometimes less, so that 150 years after the building of Fort Ross, Western Civilization had been transformed; first into modern civilization and then into world civilization. Today, the history of humanity needs to be based on an understanding of that interplay of civilizations and how the new world civilization now emerging is more than simply western civilization but is indeed an amalgam of the world's civilizations that has been continuing since the very beginning of time.
By the end of the period, the differences between Eastern and Western civilizations were clearly defined and the course of each more or less laid out. We shall focus on Western civilization which, over the next four millennia, spread around the world and became the dominant civilizational thrust, albeit, only after absorbing elements of other civilizations.
Well-known in Britain, less generally known in the States, Peter Ackroyd is representative of a new breed of British novelists who can loosely be termed postmodernist. But, unlike their counterparts in the States, these British postmodernists do not necessarily cultivate radical experimentation nor do they confine their appeal to an elite, mainly academic coterie. They are capable of producing best sellers such as Martin Amis's Money. They produce works of fiction that are turned into movies, such as Angela Carter's story, "The Company of Wolves", a rewriting of the traditional fairy story of Little Red Riding Hood. They have absorbed the triumphs (and absurdities) of poststructuralism and can utilize those aspects of recent theory that suit their purposes without becoming enslaved by them. They have never lost touch with their readership. But they are clearly distinguishable (and distinguish themselves) from the mainstream of British realist novelists typified by writers like Angus Wilson, Alan Sillitoe, or Margaret Drabble.
Ackroyd's introduction to postmodern writing came when he won a Mellon Fellowship that enabled him to spend two years from 1971 to 1973 at Yale. He had just been awarded a double first in English literature at Cambridge, a bastion of New Criticism in the F.R. Leavis mold. At Yale he met John Ashbery and Kenneth Koch, both poets of the New York School. Ashbery had spent nine years in France and was well acquainted with contemporary currents in French thought. He was also a friend of a number of postmodern artists such as Rauschenberg and Jasper Johns. After Cambridge this potent new brew went to Ackroyd's head like wine. He quickly absorbed these Americans' disruption of meaning and reference, their exploration of the self-reflexivity of language and art.
Yet as a biographer, Ackroyd is drawn to a writer like Eliot who hides behind invented literary personae. A gifted literary ventriloquist himself, Ackroyd sees Eliot as one of the great instances of the idea that literary creativity consists largely of the ability to absorb and rearticulate voices from the past. "The character inhabited me," he claimed (McGrath 54). He even wrote the biography "in a style that would re-create Eliot's presence" (Lehman 80). Revealingly he has confessed that in writing the biography he "wasn't concerned with the real Eliot," only with his "creation of an Eliot" towards whom his feelings were those "of an author towards his character" (McGrath 47). Writing about Eliot gave Ackroyd the confidence to employ imitation, quotation and pastiche in his subsequent fiction. "The history of English literature," Ackroyd has said, "is really the history of plagiarism. I discovered that when I was doing T.S. Eliot. He was a great plagiarist...I see nothing wrong with it" (Smith 60).
There is comfort in the herd. The recent discovery of mirror neurons helps explain why our brains are prone to absorb the beliefs and behaviours of others. Neurobiologically, when we see someone performing an action, whether it is a yawn, a smile or eating an ice cream cone, unique parts of our brains respond in the same way as if we were performing the action ourselves.(4)
(1) Local contractors and local home owners are using "undocumented" labor apparently not because there is lack of "legal" supply, but primarily because it's cheaper. Not just for durable work, but also landscaping, cleaning, etc. At least that's what I'm hearing, directly or cloaked, from private parties -- "documented" services are too expensive, and they can't, or won't, afford it, at least not when the undocumented alternative is there. Of course the rhetoric on the part of industry is "we cannot find qualified people", not "we cannot find people who want to do below-the-table prices above the table" (i.e. who will absorb the "full load" of all taxes, mandated expenses, and business costs). How is adding additional supply supposed to help in that regard?
His school was near Fulbert's house. He asked Fulbert to allow him to call. The good old swivel saw here a rare opportunity: his niece, whom he so much loved, would absorb knowledge from this man, and it would not cost him a cent. Such was Fulbert—penurious.
Worldviews are learned as people grow up and absorb the culture around them. We call this process enculturation, or "the process by which children become functioning members of their own society." Each person is born into a culture and molded and shaped by it.
Bob Glushko, a prof at UC Berkeley, and Shelley Evenson, a prof at CMU, discussed different views on bridging the front stage and back stage in service system design. As a side note, I have to say that it’s fun to be back (temporarily) in an academic environment: many of these presentations are much more like grad school lectures than standard conference presentations. And like university lectures, they cover way too much material in a very short time by speaking at light speed and flipping slides so fast that there’s no time to even read what’s on the slide, much less absorb or document it. If I had a nickel for every time that a presenter today said “I don’t have time to go into this but it’s an important concept” while flipping past an interesting-looking slide, I could probably buy myself the drink that I need to calm myself after the information overload.
They absorb the doctrines of Marx more in history, philosophy, sociology, and literature classes than in economics classes. The economics classes, while usually not Marxist themselves, offer only highly insufficient rebuttal of the Marxist doctrines and devote almost all of their time to espousing Keynesianism and other, less-well-known anticapitalistic doctrines, such as the doctrine of pure and perfect competition.
As I say, this, and more like it, is the intellectual framework of the great majority of today's professors and of several generations of their predecessors. It is equally the intellectual framework of their students, who have dutifully absorbed their misguided teachings and some of whom have gone on to become the reporters and editors of such publications as The New York Times, The Washington Post, Newsweek, Time, and the overwhelming majority of all other newspapers and news magazines. It is the intellectual framework of their students who are now the commentators and editors of practically all of the major television networks, such as CBS, NBC, ABC, and CNN.[9] And it is this intellectual framework within which the media now attempts to understand and report on our financial crisis.
It seems that every country in the rest of the world utilizes some form of Value Added Tax. In a previous life, I owned a small bar/restaurant in Guatemala and had to pay a VAT on my purchases, which I, in turn, charged my customers. (If I did not charge my customers, I would have had to absorb the VAT I had already paid. Thus, unlike the FairTax, there was no incentive for me to cheat by underreporting my cash sales.)
Where the amount of the sale is more than $1.07, the amount of the tax to be collected is 7% of the total selling price. It is unlawful for any retailer to advertise or state that he or she will absorb the tax. The retailer is required to add the tax to the sales price according to the schedule above.
Work on your deal. While negotiating, ditch that seven-CD changer and shop for a lower interest loan. Lower interest rates offered by dealers might be worth a look as, in their eagerness to reach their sales target, they are even willing to absorb some of the burden of making the car available to you at a lower cost.
If, as expected, some existing store sales shift to Internet purchases and a substantial portion of consumption growth is concentrated in Internet purchases, states and localities might have to raise their sales tax rates on non-Internet sales to maintain sales tax revenues. Because sales taxes are regressive, they absorb a larger share of the incomes of lower-income households than of more affluent households. The cost of sales tax rate hikes would fall most heavily on the lower-income households without the resources to get on-line and avoid them. The legislation could create a vicious cycle leading to an ever more regressive sales tax. The erosion of the sales tax base resulting from on-line purchasing by businesses and affluent consumers would force states and localities to raise sales tax rates, encouraging more on-line buying, forcing further rounds of rate increases, until the lowest-income population groups unable to buy on-line would be left paying an ever-greater share of sales taxes.
As Internet sales become a more significant share of consumption, states and localities will likely see taxable sales and sales tax revenues diminish under this legislation. States and local governments could raise their sales tax rates to maintain revenues if they were unable to tax Internet sales. But sales taxes are regressive; they absorb a larger share of the incomes of lower-income households than of wealthier households. Sales tax rate increases could set off a vicious cycle leading to ever more regressive sales taxes. As tax rates rose, higher-income households and businesses with Internet access would have ever greater incentives to make their purchases on-line to avoid taxes, while lower-income households without sufficient resources to get on-line would remain liable for the taxes. Sales tax liability would be more and more concentrated among the lowest-income segments of the population.(59)
In addition to exempting certain Energy Star products from the sales tax during the four-day tax holiday, retailers may also choose to "absorb" the sales tax on any nonexempt merchandise they sell. Retailers who voluntarily absorb the sales tax must pay the tax themselves to the Department.
Businesses may also voluntarily "absorb" the sales tax for customers on non-exempt items they sell during the three-day period. However, retailers who absorb the sales tax on non-exempt items must pay the sales tax to the Commonwealth. This means that all retailers have the opportunity to participate in the sales tax holiday.
In addition to exempting school supplies and clothing from the sales tax during the three-day "holiday," retailers may also choose to "absorb" the sales tax on any non-exempt merchandise they sell. Retailers who voluntarily absorb the sales tax must pay the tax themselves to the Department.
In the long run, of course, and that run is not very long, the retail firms will not be able to absorb a sales tax; they are not unlimited pools of wealth ready to be confiscated. As the retail firms suffer losses, their demand curves for all intermediate goods, and then for all factors of production, will shift sharply downward, and these declines in demand schedules will be rapidly transmitted to all the ultimate factors of production: labor, land, and interest income. And since all firms tend to earn a uniform interest return determined by social time preference, the incidence of the fall in demand curves will rest rather quickly on the two ultimate factors of production: land and labor.
Choosing IRAs can be complicated, depending on the financial situation and may require the services of a certified financial planner. Another important decision may be whether or not to rollover a traditional IRA into the new Roth IRA. Generally speaking, if the person is eligible, contributing to a Roth IRA is always more advantageous due to the fact that income taxes will not apply later when the money is taken out, provided the person adheres to all the guidelines. But be sure there is enough time to absorb the costs of the rollover, since it will be taxed as if you were taking the money out of the IRA.
The Reserve Fund A co-op's annual operating budget should include adequate provision for ongoing maintenance. However, major capital improvements, unexpected repairs, or replacement of building systems may need to be funded from the building's reserve fund. If the fund is large enough there may be no need for increased maintenance fees, assessments, or new loans. If there is a shortfall, shareholders might have to absorb maintenance increases to cover the cost of the installation or to pay the interest and principal on a loan. Some co-op boards pass on the expense to shareholders through assessments rather than maintenance fee increases. This can take the form of a one-time set amount or can be an addition to the monthly maintenance fee for a period of time or in any manner decided by the board.aragraphId:679 http://www.fao.org/DOCREP/004/X3936E/X3936E09.htmMarket prices: A major factor determining the volume of food production, supply and demand are the prevailing market prices. The market price may be fixed (in a regulated economy) or the result of supply and demand (in a market economy). In a closed economy with a non-regulated competitive food market, the market price tends towards the equilibrium level po, where the volume A is produced and absorbed (Figure A-1). In an open economy without trade restrictions and interventions in the food market (Figure A-2), the internal market prices are determined by the world market prices (cif. world market price or "import parity price", i.e. the world market price plus international transport and handling costs in the case of imports, see discussion in Annexes 2A and 2B). In Figure A-2 it is assumed that the cif. world market price, hence the prevailing internal market price (pm) is below the hypothetical internal equilibrium price (po). (If the world market price were above the internal equilibrium price, there would be food exports.).
If the market prices is set above the equilibrium price level, marketed food production will increase and the supply deficit diminish. However, at higher prices, less people will be able to afford the food they need, effective demand will go down and the overall demand deficit widen. As a result of the increased supplies and reduced demand, market surpluses would emerge: not all food offered on the market would be absorbed by effective demand.
If the market price fluctuates freely and falls to the new equilibrium price, the demand and the supply deficits will increase from B-A at the outset to B-D. If the market price were maintained at the higher level p (e.g. by official price regulations or other policy measures already mentioned), the market supplies would be not affected but demand would fall even further, and the demand deficit increase from B-A to B-C. In addition, a market surplus of A-C would appear in the latter case. Specific market interventions would be required to absorb this.
Work on your deal. While negotiating, ditch that seven-CD changer and shop for a lower interest loan. Lower interest rates offered by dealers might be worth a look as, in their eagerness to reach their sales target, they are even willing to absorb some of the burden of making the car available to you at a lower cost.
What are your expenses at this facility going to be each month? Specifically, who is paying for advertising, booking appointments, taking messages, linens and laundry, professional liability insurance, and maintenance? The more costs you absorb the greater your overhead. (Also note that if the facility pays for most of your expenses, you may be jeopardizing your status as an independent contractor.)
We don't think that the global state of Internet security will become any better in the foreseeable future. While many companies will start improving their security, taking measures like the ones detailed above, the growth of the Internet will simply absorb these effects. Many new companies and even more individuals with permanent connections will storm the net and many of them won't have the time, budget or will to secure their systems. Some people think about incentives to force people to care for security. One example of such an action is the abolishment of flatrates and the network wide use of usage-based fees [33]. We don't think that users and industry will follow these propositions, so solutions to protect the Internet sites under attack need to be found. There are already a small number of propositions how to deal with certain attack forms.
It is important to note that an insurance company can only insure against unforeseen events, such as disease or injury brought about by chance or accident, and cannot insure against anticipated medical costs, like yearly physicals, blood screenings, or other forms of preventative care. In recent decades, most health insurance has evolved to include preventative care as part of the benefits listed in the health insurance contract. As a result, health insurance has developed to take on the form of pre-paid health care, not true insurance. Premium and deductible levels have gradually increased to absorb the costs of these foreseen and predictable annual expenses. Although, the health insurance purchaser may not be aware of that fact, nevertheless, they are paying for those services in one form or another (either out-of-pocket spending or higher premiums and deductibles). The unfortunate result of that evolution in health insurance is it masks the actual cost of each procedure, doctor visit, or prescription, giving the individual an obscure sense of price, value, and quality. That has resulted in patient's dissatisfaction with both their providers and their insurers.
Overall the interplay between various socioeconomic factors play an important role at the background of this violent conflict. The impact of the new constitution on land distribution, the expansion of modern economic activities (fisheries and tourism) mainly by immigrants ignoring local entitlements, the incapacity of the state sector to absorb newcomers on the labor market or to accommodate the casamancais otherwise combined with a long standing perception of being slowly colonized as exemplified by the penetration of Wolof culture, have fuelled a strong sense of marginalisation and facilitated political mobilization of Jolas by disenfranchised intellectuals and escalated into civil war. Again poverty in and by itself does not account for the outbreak of conflict in the case of the Casamance Region in Senegal. This case clearly demonstrates the interplay between the various levels of conflict present in Sub Saharan Africa.
Excess credits often result from conducting business in high-tax foreign jurisdictions. To absorb excess credits before they expire, taxpayers may seek foreign profits attracting little or no foreign income tax. Exporting is a common means of excess credit planning, because it does not depend on a foreign PE and, thus, avoids host country income tax. When a U.S. manufacturer exports, Regs. Sec. 1.863-3(b)(1) treats half of its profits as U.S.-source income and half as foreign-source income (i.e., the 50-50 rule). The foreign-source portion inflates the FTC limit without attracting a foreign income tax. Thus, U.S. manufacturers can use the profits from selling abroad to absorb excess credits. If the excess credits expire unused without tax planning, the MTR would be half of the U.S. tax rate otherwise applicable.
Example 2: E Corp., a domestic corporation, has a joint venture with a Japanese company that has resulted in significant excess credits. Absent tax planning, the excess credits will expire unused in five years. E decides to export during 2004 and earns $2 million in foreign-source profits that year. Under the 50-50 rule, $1 million is U.S.-source income, currently taxable at 35%. The remaining $1 million is foreign-source income. Although taxable in the U.S., the foreign-source income also increases the FTC limit (see formula above), which allows E to absorb excess credits from prior years. Thus, U.S. law treats the foreign-source income as though it is exempt; the MTR on the full $2 million of export profits is only 17.5% (i.e., half of 35%).
The foreign licensee pays a royalty (or similar fee) to the U.S. licensor. Because the payment is for an intangible assets use in another country, Sec. 862(a)(4) treats the royalty as foreign-source income. The host country may impose a withholding tax on the royalty. If the withholding tax rate is low, the resulting low-taxed foreign-source income provides FTC relief for a U.S. multinational with excess credits, because business profits and royalties fall into the same FTC basket. Specifically, the U.S. licensor avoids the U.S. residual tax on the royalty income, because the low-taxed royalty absorbs the excess credit. Stated differently, the excess credit carried forward from prior years shields the foreign-source royalty income from U.S. taxation.
Once again, the government and the Fed are committing massive frauds. They are intentionally deceiving the public about the necessity and benefits of these expenditures. A great deal of money is being transferred to persons who should be absorbing losses that they are responsible for.
Households, like businesses, will have to pay as they go from earned income. The house as ATM is over. Credit cards are maxed out and credit ceilings are lowering like the ceiling in "The Pit and the Pendulum," preparing to slice-and-dice the old "normal" of family life in America. Bankruptcy will be the new Nascar. A lot of families will lose everything. They will sift and disperse into the housing owned by other family members -- parents, siblings -- and a strange new not-altogether comfortable kind of togetherness will become common. Over time, a lot of people will go looking for casual work "under-the-table"( and probably low-paying). To some degree, these workers will begin to look and act like a new servant class, and before too long they may be absorbed into the households of people who employ them. There will be plenty of room for them there.
Many were stunned this year to witness the parabolic rise and fall of oil prices up to nearly $150 and then back around $36 by Christmas time. Quite a ride. I said in The Long Emergency that volatility would be the hallmark of post peak oil because it was obvious that advanced economies could not absorb super high prices and would crash in response; that at some point after crashing, these economies would respond to the new lower oil price, resume their cheap oil habits, and build to another price rise... and crash again... in a declension of ever-lower industrial activity.
The result was a land of opportunity. The United States attracted immigrants who shared our values and reflected them in their own lives. Our culture was absorbed by a diverse people who became one.
Your asking me to deplete my emergency fund? There are two schools of thought to this question. You may want to leave a small cushion in your account to absorb any unforeseen expenses or temporary loss of income. On the other hand, if you truly need them, you may decide to use your credit cards for an emergency situation. Otherwise use some of the other strategies that follow (borrow from your family,etc).
Characteristics of a controlling financial interest: These include the ability to make decisions about the entity through the exercise of voting rights, the obligation to absorb expected losses and the right to receive expected residual returns. If investors are protected from expected losses, guaranteed a return or have a limit on their participation in residual returns, they lack characteristics of a controlling financial interest.
When investors receive all profits and absorb all losses, even if the entity has characteristics of a VIE, they would have a controlling financial interest and consolidation is not appropriate. If there were a limit on the amount investors can earn, whoever receives the residual returns would be a variable interest holder.
If investors are guaranteed a return, someone absorbs the difference when income is lower. Likewise, if there is a limit on investor losses, someone absorbs the excess. These parties would be variable interest holders.
The entity with a controlling financial interest is the primary beneficiary and is required to prepare consolidated statements. It is the entity that absorbs the majority of expected losses and receives the majority of residual returns. If that is not a single entity, the one absorbing the majority of losses will be the primary beneficiary, although it is possible that there is none. All holders of variable interests, including equity holders, must be considered.
Many high school and college girls complain that the boys they know have no time for girls. And it is true that there are serious-minded boys of all ages who are so absorbed in school work, hobbies, or plans for the future that they pay little or no attention to girls.
There are young men so absorbed in work or study that they can talk about nothing else. Girls complain that such a man is a bore-that he never seems to notice them or their interests, that he's unwilling to do anything to cultivate a friendship.
Some boys and girls who are absorbed to an interest actually are afraid of members of the other sex, and use their interest as an excuse to avoid contact with them. A girl who doesn't want to be too obvious in her date-less-ness may feign busyness or an intense interest in music or her family, for instance, to cover up for her lack of boy friends.
In early 2005, world-famous economist, two-time Presidential economic advisor and multiple-times New York Times best-selling author Paul Zane Pilzer faced a dilemma: he had two books to complete at the same time. Absorbed in work on his book The New Health Insurance Solution, he also needed to write a book for the network marketing community about the economic climate of the next ten years.
Studies show that people's intellectual intelligence, and even their skills and experience, have surprisingly little impact on their effectiveness in job performance. A much more important and influential factor is their level of emotional intelligence. So, people's effectiveness actually depends on how well they are able to handle frustration, to be in control of their emotions, and to get along with other people. We reveal the 5 Pillars and 10 Secrets of Emotional Intelligence which enable people to manage and use their emotions intelligently and constructively, to become focused and absorbed in work through self-motivation towards a goal and to respond to challenges with self-confidence and assurance.
Have you ever been entirely absorbed by a good book? This has never happened to me before. I usually get bored and most of the times I never complete reading a book. The same thing does not happen to me when these books become movies.
In the quiet of the night, and into the early hours of the morning you may often find sculptor, Marilyn Parkinson Thrall, deeply absorbed in work at her suburban Connecticut studio. "Sometimes I just get so lost in what I'm doing that I lose track of time," she says. "I come back out the next day and wonder, 'Who did this?' It doesn't seem that I could accomplish so much during the night."
In general, the more copies sold over time, or the greater number of printings, the more collectible will be the true first printing of a picturebook. The caveat is the first print run cannot be a large percentage of the books that were printed. It makes common sense, but bears repeating: the demand increases over time while the original supply of true first printings actually decreases over time, through attrition (i.e. damaged or discarded), or by being absorbed into book collectors’ libraries. In either case, the availability or supply of the first edition book is reduced to the collecting marketplace.
If you spend your time doing work that you love, you will find such work absorbing. When you are absorbed by work that you love, it seems like no effort at all.
As time passes, because your attention is absorbed by your work, you naturally become highly skilled, even adept, at what you do. Then, you become valuable to employers or, in business, to your own customers. You then, by default, become highly paid or highly rewarded.
Casually-dressed young man (age 28) who doesn’t pay attention to the surrounding world or his own body, dwelling exclusively in the jungle of machine codes and maze of technical specifications. Unsociable. Leads the secluded life of a predator rodent that practically never leaves his hole (unless it is to look at the stars). Has a luckless private life (and unlikely that it will become lucky in the future), so the only method of killing time from dusk until duskier is to be fully absorbed by work.
Keep a water bottle on your desk. We all know we should drink more water, but it’s easy to get absorbed in work. Take regular sips – staying hydrated will help you concentrate, and ensure you don’t mistake mild thirst for hunger pangs.
About this title: "Provinces", Czeslaw Milosz's first book of poems since "The Collected Poems" (Penguin, 1988), continues his investigations into the urgent themes that have absorbed his work from the beginning. These poems are about what it is to be human in a world of provinces, shifting borders, conflict and crisis. From the perspective of old age - he is now 81 - he meditates on youth, mortality and the ways in which language and imagination can "redeem the time". The poems are elemental, the rhythms assured, in these brilliant translations by the poet and Robert Hass. It is rare that a writer of Milosz's ... read moreParagraphId:64 http://www.jacklondons.net/writings/BookJackLondon/Volume2/chapter36.htmlIt may be that hardest of misfortunes was the losing of Jack's "dream house" by fire. Everything else paled, however, when one day, overheated on a long walk while suffering from a bad attack of poison-oak, I fell ill. For some time Jack had been absorbed in work, ranch, and other problems; but now, faced with a human, vital consideration, all beside could go by the board. As he said:
As an administrative assistant, you are hired to relieve your busy employer of a great deal of work, especially the details of office procedure and other matters that do not require your employer’s personal involvement. You’ll act as a liaison between your boss and the rest of the company. Sometimes you’ll act as a buffer. Depending on the size of the com¬pany, you may also be called on to perform tasks normally outside the secretarial role in sales, banking, billing, payroll, accounting, advertising, public relations, purchasing, and more. Everything you do for your employer must duplicate as closely as possible what he or she would do if not absorbed in work that couldn’t be delegated.
The Crimson Petal And The White by Michael Faber is a substantial book of over 800 pages and although at first I was a little daunted by its length, in no time at all I found myself completely absorbed. The book charts the rise of Sugar a London prostitute in Victorian England. Sugar was groomed into prostitution by her mother from being a young child and although she has known no other life than one of abuse, she has visions beyond what she experienced. Sugar's counterpoint in this novel is William Rackham, the heir to a perfume business. Rackham becomes one of Sugar's clients and in no time at all becomes so besotted with her that he persuades her (and pays) to devote herself entirely to him and he installs her in a smart apartment where she becomes in effect, his sole property.
The Young Bride "I was completely absorbed in work, and if the food burned up [Reeves] never chided me. More important, he read and criticized each chapter as it was being done. Once I asked him if he thought [Heart] was any good. He reflected for a long time, and then he said, 'No, it's not good, it's great.'"
The commitment to performing a job "well done" can quickly lead to striving, over accomplishing, and a fierce competitive spirit that quickly overshadow everything else in life. The product is a workaholic that finds very little time for outside activities. When someone becomes completely absorbed with work, his or her home life is the first to suffer. Putting in extra hours, losing sleep, and canceling personal commitments are the sting of the workaholic bug. Unfortunately, this can lead to many difficulties when someone begins dating.
A riveting mystery novel about a detective hired to find a missing woman. Readers can't help but become absorbed in this book as the story unfolds and shocking secrets are discovered. The suspense is unrelenting with twists and turns that lead to a startling climax. Soon to be available.
Most the poetry written into the pages of this book were created between 2000 and 2002. Although the first 2 books were already written, something kept telling me it was more important to just keep writing rather than publishing. My writing style was being compared to some of the most recognized poets and prophets in history. So this began a new interpretation of The Journey for me. I felt that the poems had to be crafted with feeling and emotion so the words were not just read but completely absorbed. This book contains some of the first poems I affectionately call my mental masterpieces. Short stories with a natural flow and rhyme scheme, each structured towards delivering some sort of message to the reader. A calculated perfection of mirrored thought meant to have the readers reflect upon themselves. Anyone who reads this book will find something that they relate to. I’m sure that some of these will really hit home. After all- They were written for you. You’re the reason why I do what I do.
It is helpful to have a little alarm clock to remind you when it's time to pump – it's easy to get absorbed in work and forget to pump, but regular removal of breast milk is important in maintaining your supply. Most computers also have alarms that can be used for this purpose, as well.
I tend to think of my time as being fairly compartmentalized: When it’s work time, I do work, and that’s pretty much all I do and think about. And though I do sometimes think about work outside designated hours, I never actually look at work-related stuff in my downtime. It’s a sort of knack I’ve developed. Being able to become absorbed by work can be very handy for the remote worker — so long as you can snap out of it at knock-off time. Read the rest of this entry.
Since i was a kid, i preferred reading rather than anything else. Now, i think that the best moment of the day is when i've finished everything i had to do and relax with my book. There are only a few things as nice as starting a new book, getting absorbed in book pages, finishing a great novel or remembering things you read somewhere in the past. Actually i could be reading all day!!
A man is not idle because he is absorbed in thought. There is a visible labor and there is an invisible labor.
Good stories flow like honey. Bad stories stick in the craw. A bad story? One that cannot be absorbed on the first time of reading.
His claim to his home is deep, but there are too many ghosts. He must absorb without being absorbed.
I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.
I have absorbed my life now. I am ready for my music to unfold. I know time flies, but before the end of this year, the album will be out. Even if it kills me.
I was totally absorbed in the real world, the politics, the history, the news, and I just couldn't find my way into the fictional world... When I finally could return to writing the novel, it was in fits and starts.
I'm approaching a period in my life though where I'd like to be totally absorbed into music, doing concerts, writing something. Basically, that IS what I am doing.
It would be enjoyable to spend more time delving into these matters, but alas, this review is not the proper place. Instead, we should move on to the octonions. These were first discovered by Hamilton's college friend John Graves. It had been Graves' interest in algebra that got Hamilton thinking about complex numbers and their generalizations in the first place. The day after discovering the quaternions, Hamilton sent a letter describing them to Graves. The day after Christmas on that same year, Graves wrote to Hamilton describing an 8-dimensional algebra which he called the `octaves'. He showed that they were a normed division algebra, and used this to express the product of two sums of eight squares as another sum of eight squares: the `eight squares theorem'. Hamilton offered to publicize Graves' discovery, but kept putting it off, absorbed in work on the quaternions. Eventually Arthur Cayley rediscovered them and published an article announcing their existence in 1845. For this reason they are sometimes called `Cayley numbers' -- but these days, all right-thinking people call them the `octonions'.
A man is not idle because he is absorbed in thought. There is a visible labor and there is an invisible labor.
Bill, according to Hay, foresight doesn't count if you don't score personally. Make money going up and jump out to let the country absorb the losses when it crashes.
The current solution is to loan banks however much money is necessary to absorb the consequences of a bunch of loans failing, at the lowest interest possible (nearly 0%). The banks are supposed to then loan money to us (at interest of course) so that we can resume buying houses, or taking out more loans to stay in the houses we already (over)bought. This solution also means that the existing supply of money has increased dramatically. Currently it has not yet made it off the banks balance sheets (and it may not).
The New York Times noted recently, "Iran's overall rate of growth is healthy and rising." Iran predicated its budget last year on the estimation that the price of oil would be about $44.1 per barrel, while it is estimating that for the coming year oil prices will average $33.7 per barrel. Evidently, the Iranian economy has a lot of cushion to absorb any unforeseen resource crunch.
One thing is crystal clear, we don’t need nor can property taxpayers afford an additional 300 beds now or in the near future. The only logical reason for the state forcing us and many other counties to enlarge our facilities is so the state can continue to house their prisoners in our facilities. The annual cost to house New York State parole violators in our County jail costs our local taxpayers nearly $3 million each year. While these costs do not appear as a separate line item in our budget, we must continue to absorb these expenses within our institutional structure for inmate housing, food, clothing, medical and other costs, all of which are mandated by New York State.
This power creates a field around the character that can absorb damage. A Force Field provides defense against Killing Attacks.
The ability to absorb part of an attack and increase your own power. This does not act as a defense. To determine the power of an attack, count the number of dice rolled. To determine your Absorption threshold for that round, roll the number of dice indicated. Absorption effects will fade at a rate of 1 level per Round.
Now we have losses, paper money worth nothing and the trick is to absorb those losses in the economy at large. An overall distribution of the losses does cause a recession. An unbalanced distribution of the losses causes temporary relief and then an even more severe and lengthly recession sometimes even a depression.
When involved in combat, Hanfeiru lets his puppet components do most of the work. His artificial parts give him numerous advantages, including enhanced speed, monstrous strength, and more. His primary weapon, his right arm, is a spike-and-blade covered nightmare, and his chakra allows it to cut like surgical steel. He also contains kunai-launchers in various areas, and he has two, retractable appendages that end in wicked scythes, a feature his maker later incorporated, as well. He is exceptionally durable, and able to absorb punishment; he does not really breath, and his heart is encased in metal, though it still beats. If pushed to the worst, he might even use his chakra to fire a blast of energy from his claw.
Spread across a year, that's $28 per week vs. a little less that $1,450 per week. I realize few people are instinctively going to shed a tear for the family making $300K, but those folks are likely going to have a signficant number of fixed costs -- mortgage, insurance, car payment, childcare, tuition for the kid(s), etc. -- that won't easily be adjusted to absorb an unforeseen $75,000 reduction to their income. Even people that live within their means seldom have a 25% cushion in their income needs.
According to fairtax.org, businesses pay an average of 22.5% in income taxes, and that's the average costs saving they can expect to see under the Fair Tax. But that's just average. The Fair Tax only applies to retailers and retailers pay anywhere from 15% to 30% in corporate income taxes. Small retailers, whose cost savings from income taxes will likely be equal to or better than 23%, will be able to afford to either reduced their prices or leave them unchanged. Larger retailers, whose costs savings from income taxes will likely be less than 23%, will either have to absorb the difference, cut other costs, or raise prices. Since all retailers, even Wall Mart, pay corporate income taxes, none of them will have any excuse to raise prices by the full 23% of the Fair Tax. But even if they do, it will only help level the playing field between small retailers and mega retailers and the average middle-class consumer will still ahead by 10%.
Three. Obesity burden; tax payers have to absorb half the medical costs incurred by obesity-related ailments. Is that fair?
The plummeting post-war debt ratio is no mystery: Economic growth has dwarfed the amount of new debt. Since 1946, inflation-adjusted federal debt has grown by 84 percent, while the economy has surged 429 percent. Just like a family with rising income can afford to buy a more expensive home and take on more mortgage debt, the growing American economy has been able to easily absorb its modest new debt.
Even an increasing debt ratio may not significantly raise interest rates. Theoretically, government borrowing raises interest rates because it leaves less money for individuals and businesses to borrow, which in turn forces up the price of money (the interest rate). However, Americans are no longer limited to borrowing from America's savings pool. They can access a global financial system that is so large and integrated -- trillions of dollars move around the globe each day -- that it can easily absorb the federal government's borrowing without triggering a substantial increase in interest rates.
For a period of time, yes. Excess supply, or actually non-existent demand, will ensure that. In the meantime, there will be no new residential construction, because existing homes will be so much cheaper. But ultimately the economy improves, the surplus is absorbed, prices rise, and the cycle begins anew.
You’ve hit the nail on the head. There’s no ‘bank’ to deal with, they’ve all become loan servicers and artificially pumped up prices to get ‘transaction fees’ on handling these sums of money that all pay a percentage. Why do you think the markets with the most boom have the most bust? More SPIFF money per transaction equals less work, more profit. If the servicer wants to make changes to the notes they would have to absorb the loan back onto their books and truly become a ‘bank’ again.
While both governments experiment with quantitative easing, bad banks to absorb non-performing loans, and state guarantees to restart bank lending, the only real way out is some combination of widespread corporate default, debt write-downs and inflation to reduce the burden of debt to more manageable levels. Everything else is window-dressing.
In some ways, government is better placed to absorb losses than individual banks and investors, because it can spread them across a larger base of taxpayers. But in the current crisis, the volume of debts that potentially need to be refinanced is so large it will stretch even the tax and debt-raising resources of the state, and risks crowding out other spending.
The Treasury Department's TALF program offers equally enticing possibilities for potential bailout profiteers, providing investors with a chance to double, triple or even quadruple their investments. And like the PPIP, if the deal goes bad, taxpayers absorb most of the losses. "It beats any financing that the private sector could ever come up with," a Wall Street trader commented in a recent Fortune magazine story. "I almost want to say it is irresponsible."
The healthier and more profitable bailout recipients are once financial markets rebound, the more taxpayers will earn on their investments. Without a plan, however, banks may limp back to viability while taxpayers lose their investments or even absorb further losses.
Bank of America Corp., which has paid more than $1 billion during the past year in scandal-related settlements and penalties while absorbing a huge acquisition, paid its chairman and chief executive, Kenneth Lewis, a total of $19.3 million in compensation, according to a proxy filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The 57-year-old Mr. Lewis, in his fourth year of running the Charlotte, N.C., company, which ranks third in assets among U.S. banks, received a salary of $1.5 million, unchanged from 2003. His bonus rose 6% to $5.7 million from $5.4 million a year earlier.
