dictate
Duty, Honor, Country. Those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, what you will be.
I really feel like life will dictate itself. You should allow it to unfold as naturally as possible. Just go with the flow. When you're really desperate, you say a few prayers and hope for the best. That's the way I've always lived my life.
You have to let the viewers come away with their own conclusions. If you dictate what they should think, you've lost it.
Not at all, the government's policies are dictated by the jerk of their knees. For the tabloids to have any influence, some thought may have to be involved. Having seen a clip from today's Prime Minister's Question Time, where Mr Blair tried to deflect criticism of his efforts by confirming his measures were not supported by opposition parties, he is just confirming they could not support the ill-considered incompetence he has subjected this country to since 1997. What a pity the opposition parties do not have the awareness to recognise this back-handed compliment.
It's not that tabloids dictate policy. It's that the government has no policy ideas left. It has tried and exhausted all its 1997 theories. The government now takes policies from tabloids for lack of any better way to seem busy.
In the main the tabloid press does not dictate Government policy. You would hardly call a national minimum wage a policy dictated by newspaper editors or proprietors. However, the tabloids, like most newspapers, do have influence (which is slightly different from dictating) because of their wide readership and their ability to manipulate the news agenda. This manipulation naturally leads to great influence being exerted over the imperfectly educated and the gullible many - otherwise known as the mass of British people. All this great story telling has a most wonderful effect on the masses too. They not only demand that the Government does as the media say, but they even demand it when it goes against their own long term interests. Therefore, in summary, newspapers merely influence public opinion, whilst it is the servile and mindless public who do the bidding and the dictating. Don't believe me? Just read many of the unoriginal and quite predictable comments posted above.
Even if it was true that tabloids dictate policy, then so what! In the main, newspapers have a far greater awareness of public mood than any politician; they have to - it's their business. If I have any criticism, I think the press isn't voiciferous enough. Politicians only take notice of public feelings at election times when their is a chance that their gravy train may hit the buffers. In between times they do more or less as they please - and it is 'between times' that the press fulfils a vital role. The public needs the press - we have nowhere else to turn to for our voice to be heard.
Government by its very nature must govern. To govern is to dictate. All governments are dictatorships of one form or another. They may be one-man dictatorships, constitutional dictatorships, dictatorships in republican or democratic form, majority rule dictatorships, dictatorships by bureau or what have you. But the fact remains that to govern is to dictate.
The nature of government is to govern, to dictate to everyone in its sphere of influence. Since government dictates to everyone in its sphere of influence and since most people are peaceful and harmless, most government actions involve dictation to peaceful, harmless people. This is the nature of government and this is the nature of people.
Fifty years ago, the term "social engineering" referred to government policies that forced people to live as government dictated. In the United States, it was a hated term. Americans died to defeat the social engineering that Hitler imposed on the Germans, and tried to impose on the rest of the world. Communism, as practiced in the Soviet Union, was social engineering – the absolute opposite of the freedom Americans enjoyed and employed to limit the power of their government.
In Collier County Fla., – and many other counties – the government has determined that property owners cannot build more than one dwelling on five acres of land. In the Columbia River Gorge – and many other regional areas – a landowner must first get permission from an appointed commission to build even one home – then build it, paint it and landscape it as dictated by the appointed commission.
A substantial number of Americans, perhaps a majority, believe that government should dictate where people live, what their housing structures should look like and how they should be constructed. They believe it is right for government to dictate what curriculum children should study in school. They believe it is right for government to dictate which land should be cultivated and which land should not be touched by humans. They believe it is right for government to dictate the kind of automobiles that are available for people to purchase.
Simply put, a substantial number of Americans believe it is right for government to dictate how people should live. They believe that government should "engineer" society.
Canada is now playing the heavy to American politicians by stating to Washington that they cannot dictate to him what he will discuss during his election campaign. Prime Minister Paul Martin utilized very direct words for the United States on Wednesday, decisively advising Washington not to dictate to him what topics he can raise in his Canadian Prime Minister election campaign.
Prime Minister Paul Martin has regularly tried to beat up the U.S. on its stances regarding the bilateral trade dispute over softwood lumber, and Washington’s approach to climate change. This time Prime Minister Martin has taken aim at U.S. Ambassador David Wilkins by warning him for a second consecutive day that he will not be dictated to by American politicians, or the Bush administration.
Fifty years ago, the term “social engineering” referred to government policies that forced people to live as government dictated. In the United States, it was a hated term. Americans died to defeat the social engineering that Hitler imposed on the Germans, and tried to impose on the rest of the world. Communism, as practiced in the Soviet Union, was social engineering - the absolute opposite of the freedom Americans enjoyed and employed to limit the power of their government.
In Collier County Florida, - and many other counties - the government has determined that property owners cannot build more than one dwelling on five acres of land. In the Columbia River Gorge - and many other regional areas - a landowner must first get permission from an appointed commission to even build a home, then build it, paint it, and landscape it as dictated by the appointed commission.
A substantial number of Americans, perhaps a majority, believe that government should dictate where people should live, what their housing structures should look like, and how they should be constructed. They believe it is right for government to dictate what curriculum children should study in school. They believe it is right for government to dictate which land should be cultivated, and which land should not be touched by humans. They believe it is right for government to dictate the kind of automobiles that should be available for people to purchase.
Simply put, a substantial number of Americans believe it is right for government to dictate how people should live. They believe that government should “engineer” society.
From formation through administration, contracting with the federal government is a highly regulated process with many traps for the unsuspecting. Unlike commercial contracting, which is governed generally by the Uniform Commercial Code and the common law, federal government contracting is governed by a maze of statutes and regulations. These statutory and regulatory provisions dictate, for example, what method or process an agency must use to solicit a contract; how the agency is to negotiate or award a contract; and under certain circumstances, what costs the Government will reimburse and how a contractor must account for those costs. In addition, a government contractor must remain aware that it is subject to the policy dictates of the sovereign. The U.S. Government imposes a host of socio-economic obligations through its contracts, including requirements related to affirmative action, drug-free work place, subcontracting, and minimum employee wages. Although Congress has streamlined the contracting process to reduce the burdens on contractors offering commercial products and services, any entity considering entering into a government contract must tread carefully. This overview is intended to provide you a general insight into the federal government’s contracting process.
So, also, if the government may dictate to the jury what laws they are to enforce, it is no longer a " trial by the country," but a trial by the government; because the jury then try the accused, not by any standard of their own - not by their own judgments of their rightful liberties - but by a standard. dictated to them by the government. And the standard, thus dictated by the government, becomes the measure of the people's liberties. If the government dictate the standard of trial, it of course dictates the results of the trial. And such a trial is no trial by the country, but only a trial by the government; and in it the government determines what are its own powers over the people, instead of the people's determining what are their own liberties against the government. In short, if the jury have no right to judge of the justice of a law of the government, they plainly can do nothing to protect the people against the oppressions of the government; for there are no oppressions which the government may not authorize by law.
The jury are also to judge whether the laws are rightly expounded to them by the court. Unless they judge on this point, they do nothing to protect their liberties against the oppressions that are capable of being practiced under cover of a corrupt exposition of the laws. If the judiciary can authoritatively dictate to a jury any exposition of the law, they can dictate to them the law itself, and such laws as they please; because laws are, in practice, one thing or another, according as they are expounded.
The jury must also judge of the laws of evidence. If the government can dictate to a jury the laws of evidence, it can not only shut out any evidence it pleases, tending to vindicate the accused, but it can require that any evidence whatever, that it pleases to offer, be held as conclusive proof of any offence whatever which the government chooses to allege.
An agency of the federal government is seeking authority (power) from the courts to compel individuals to change their sworn testimony in the current case, and in all future testimony. Such testimony is to be made under penalty of perjury, yet as government dictated testimony, it would not be their belief and would, in fact, be perjury.
If the government is allowed to dictate an oath-bound individual's testimony, in addition to suborning perjury, the People will be left wanting for a means of seeking redress of grievance. The very courts charged with upholding justice will be blinded by compelled, "dictated" testimony. Such compelled and dictated testimony completely subverts the very foundation of our legal system.
By allowing the government to dictate sworn testimony, the courts will trample the Bill of Rights - attacking seven of the ten Amendments adopted to protect the Rights of the People, and granting a power and authority never ceded to government by "We the People."
When an agency of government can dictate a defendant's sworn testimony, the outcome of any legal action becomes preordained. In this case, the government is trying to compel first hand testimony to support a third party position, resulting in a taking of property to which the government is not entitled.
We greatly fear what will become of our country, and future generations, if government is allowed to dictate sworn testimony, forcing any man or women to effectively stand mute in the face of any allegation or accusation, or to be unable to assert his or her own claims in a legally-meaningful manner. Such authority and power infringes the People's Rights to Rule of Law, wrongfully empowering the government to command whatever they wish testified, by anyone, at any time - in spite of the facts and regardless of the Rights of those being assaulted.
Court granted authority and power of dictated testimony would bypass the Rule of Law, and would become a crime against the very foundations of this great country - the Declaration of Independence, the U.S. Constitution, and the Bill of Rights. If such a crime is permitted, then trials, judges, and juries could become extinct, as there would no longer be any truthful facts or evidence - only dictated testimony - compelled and approved by government.
If the government is allowed to dictate an oath-bound individual's testimony, in addition to suborning perjury, the People will be left wanting for a means of seeking redress of grievance. The very courts charged with upholding justice will be blinded by compelled, "dictated" testimony. Such compelled and dictated testimony completely subverts the very foundation of our legal system.
A substantial number of Americans, perhaps a majority, believe that government should dictate where people live, what their housing structures should look like, and how they should be constructed. They believe it is right for government to dictate what curriculum children should study in school. They believe it is right for government to dictate which land should be cultivated, and which land should not be touched by humans. They believe it is right for government to dictate the kind of automobiles that are available for people to purchase.
Simply put, a substantial number of Americans believe it is right for government to dictate how people should live. They believe that government should "engineer" society.
The function of large scale government investment dictates a form for society that is new, forward-oriented, and empowering. This is the society that I am working towards, and it is one that I want to be a part of.
If elected, Hillary would dictate that every individual in America carry comprehensive health insurance, pretending this is like mandatory car insurance. She doesn't mention that car insurance only covers catastrophes, not maintenance, nor does she mention states' significant non-compliance. Hillary "envisions" a day when she dictates that all Americans will have to show proof of health insurance in order to get a job,but not illegal immigrants although her plan will cover them.
Hillary would dictate that every employer provide health insurance for their employees or pay a punishing tax to the federal government. Our biggest economic problem right now is that our archaic federal tax structure is driving businesses out of America to business friendly countries. Hillary's dictate will exacerbate that problem.
Hillary would dictate an expansion of government supplied health insurance to compete with private health insurance by opening up the Federal Employee Health Benefit Program to everybody, allowing younger people to buy into Medicare, and by expanding SCHIP to cover well-off families who currently buy their own insurance. Medicare is currently going broke even faster than Social Security, and this will accelerate its demise. All these dictates will transfer business from the private sector to the government, further reducing competition in the private sector leading to higher prices and poorer service.
Hillary would dictate that insurance companies could not refuse nor charge higher rates for people with higher risk. Premiums for healthy people would rise dramatically to subsidize the expenses of those unhealthy people, driving up prices.
Some Republican plans aren't much better. Mitt Romney and Arnold Schwarzenegger both implemented state plans with similar dictates. Massachusetts residents have ignored the individual coverage mandate in such large numbers that the government was forced to forgo that dictate. Both plans are doomed like Hilllary's. Plans advocating health saving accounts would offset some damage from government subsidies and 3rd party payers, but they are still big government plans based on manipulating the income tax devastating our economy.
Fifty years ago, the term "social engineering" referred to government policies that forced people to live as government dictated. In the United States, it was a hated term. Americans died to defeat the social engineering that Hitler imposed on the Germans, and tried to impose on the rest of the world. Communism, as practiced in the Soviet Union, was social engineering - the absolute opposite of the freedom Americans enjoyed, and employed to limit the power of their government.
Time dictates agenda. When you know the time, you know what must be done. What must be done is the agenda. It is predicated upon a good understanding of the time. If you don’t know the time, or do not believe in the understanding given of the time, then you will not adopt the right agenda. And if you do not adopt the right agenda, then surely man is in loss.
What are you challenging? What are you moving towards? We are moving against White world supremacy; we are moving against Black inferiority, to assert ourselves as the dawn of a new day comes. The new day is dawning on us, therefore, we have to have a new activity, a new agenda that fits us out for the 21st century, which will see imperialism on its way out, colonialism and all of its forms being destroyed and racism being obliterated, wiped out totally. But, in order to come alive to the dictates of the time, we have to know who we are and where we fit in the scheme of things. Time dictates agenda.
What has happened in nothing short of a political coup. Hindi politicians who dominate and control the Indian Central Government have quietly taken over the power to dictate to state governments even in areas the Indian constitution specifically reserves for state governments. In essence, Hindi politicians have changed India's pseudo-federal system to a virtual unitary system of government thus giving themselves more power over non-Hindi states. Read on...
Thirteen non-Hindi states refused to implement it. "After all, sales tax is under State List. The Indian government (central government) cannot impose a sales tax structure on us", they thought. But the Indian government, dominated and controlled by Hindi politicians, made an unprecedented bold move to force its will on the non-cooperating state governments. It said that it would withhold financial aid and grants to states that do not implement its new sales tax structure by January 15, 2000. The new sales tax structure is no longer an Indian government recommendation but it is now an Indian government dictate to the states although the constitution gives the states exclusive power on sales tax.
State governments cannot afford to lose Indian government aid and grants; after all, much of the revenues (much of the taxes other than sales tax) are collected by the Indian government from the states and then doled out to states as it pleases. Without Indian government grants and aid, state governments could not function. So even the unwilling and hesitant state governments implemented the Indian government dictated sales taxes by January 15, 2000.
The escalation of "entitlements" in the 1960s and 1970s has led to the devastation of American cities, the decline of American education, and the deterioration of self-reliance. It has turned America into a battleground on which groups fight for the power to dictate who gets to take what from whom, and who gets to impose the rules dictating how everyone must live.
Silos of various sizes and rice barns have been in operation across the country for decades, providing more than sufficient facilities to store rice and paddy. Ask any farmer whether the existence of such facilities has ever contributed to an increase in his bargaining power, and the likely answer is "no". Farmers know from experience that rice prices are, in most cases, dictated by traders or millers and also by market forces. Heavily indebted to the Bank of Agriculture and Agricultural Co-operatives and loan sharks, most farmers are forced to sell their crops in return for badly needed quick cash. Besides, keeping their crops will mean additional storage costs if they are to be stored in a silo.
The Agriculture Ministry's contention that farmers will be able to dictate rice prices merely because of the existence of silos is laughable. It is incomprehensible that the Rice Policy Committee, headed by Deputy Prime Minister Supachai Panitchpakdi, did not object to the project. Obviously, there is something terribly wrong with the wisdom, conscience and judgment of the committee members.
But for their right to judge of the law, and the justice of the law, juries would be no protection to an accused person, even as to matters of fact; for, if the government can dictate to a jury any law whatever, in a criminal case, it can certainly dictate to them the laws of evidence. That is, it can dictate what evidence is admissible, and what inadmissible, and also what force or weight is to be given to the evidence admitted. And if the government can thus dictate to a jury the laws of evidence, it can not only make it necessary for them to convict on a partial exhibition of the evidence rightfully pertaining to the case, but it can even require them to convict on any evidence whatever that it pleases to offer them.
Contractors control when and where they work. Therefore, avoid setting a pattern of daily or weekly work hours dictated by your business. Also, contractors do not usually have a permanent or continuing relationship with the business and have time to pursue other clients. Try to compensate contractors on a per-job basis, not weekly or monthly.
Having lived under a tyrannical form of government and having studied plenty of others, the wise Founders of this nation sought to create a system of government where the rule of law prevailed. In contrasting forms of government (monarchy, oligarchy, aristocracy, etc.), the law was simply dictated by the rule of men. Thomas Paine, in his influential pamphlet Common Sense, articulated the difference in this way:
Conveniently, those who aspire to rule while disregarding the law are able to achieve their agenda by simply passing new laws, regardless of what existing law dictates. These individuals promote a degenerated, hollow version of the rule of law, in that their law is what they consider to be in force. If a higher and previous law forbids X, but the lawmaker and his colleagues pass a new law which mandates X, then we have a problem. The proper rule of law recognizes the original and superseding law and ignores the illegitimate (and illegal!) subsequent "law" that was passed. However, the popular and bastardized rule of law ignores the previous law, and, fearful of being punished for not obeying the current law, its adherents agree that the new law mandating X must be obeyed.
These actions, which followed individual dictates of conscience, cost them dearly in numerous government reprisals. One of their number, a man named William Bradford, later wrote: "Some were taken and clapt in prison, others had their houses besett and watcht night and day, and the most were faine to flie and lieve their houses and habitations and the means of their livelihood."
An employer can dictate anything that has to do with the terms of employment and the employee has the right of refusal (unless there is a collective agreement). If what the employer is asking the employee to do is illegal the employee will have a cause of action against the employer if the employer retaliates when the employee declines the terms or conditions offerred. Otherwise there are no rules.
Okay, my thought was that once an employer dictates the hours and reporting times, and especially if the edict is for 50 hours per week, it was a way around paying overtime .. by declaring the position exempt.
Can Sharia provide the necessary resources for such a rethinking of the judicial role? In its essence, Sharia aspires to be a law that applies equally to every human, great or small, ruler or ruled. No one is above it, and everyone at all times is bound by it. But the history of Sharia also shows that the ideals of the rule of law cannot be implemented in a vacuum. For that, a state needs actually effective institutions, which must be reinforced by regular practice and by the recognition of actors within the system that they have more to gain by remaining faithful to its dictates than by deviating from them.
The structure of the transaction also will dictate the type of due diligence performed. For instance, an asset purchase that includes the purchase of Government contracts requires that the new owner be recognized by the Government as a successor in interest. The sale must comply with detailed rules regarding the “novation” of the Government contracts. FAR subpart 42.12. If the rules are not followed, the Government can refuse to permit the “sale” of the contract.
A government planning committee dictated exactly what was produced, how it was produced, and for whom the goods and services were produced. After all, the state owned and operated nearly all of the means of production and distribution. The big difference between the old Soviet economy and our own is what consumer goods and services are produced. In our economy, the market forces of supply and demand dictate what gets produced and how much of it gets produced. But a government planning agency in the Soviet Union dictated what and how much was made. One of the fundamental economic problems with any economy that attempts to substitute government planning for the price system (or to replace the law of demand and supply with government decrees) is that changes in price no longer help producers decide what and how much to produce. In a capitalist country, higher microwave oven prices would signal producers to produce more microwave ovens. But in the Soviet Union, there was very little inflation even though there was widespread shortages of consumer goods.
DR. HENTGES: Private-sector diet/health initiatives can be a very significant means for improving the nation’s health. However, to keep the credibility high with consumers, these initiatives must also be built on and maintain meaningful standards. The credibility of these private-sector programs also dictates consistency with federal guidance and education programs. For example, if children learn MyPyramid lessons in school, a mother visits the Web site or a dietitian gives counseling using MyPyramid tools, then the industries’ programs need to be consistent in providing the same messages.
"Any doctor that deviates from that plan would be penalized by the government. That means, for example, that a local doctor who knows the patient and his family, and who is aware of specific local circumstances affecting that patient will no longer be able to apply any of that knowledge in treating the patient. All treatments will be dictated from the government, obliterating the whole point of allowing doctors to operate with some degree of autonomy in the first place.
If the government says all expectant mothers must be screened for depression and put on antidepressant drugs, then all the doctors have to play along and do that if they don't want to be fined or have their medical licenses taken away. If the government says nutritional supplements are dangerous and cannot be recommended to patients, then all doctors must remain silent and avoid telling patients the truth about helpful nutritional supplements. Whatever the government dictates must now be mirrored by all practicing doctors. "
This is what happens when you allow corporations to dictate government policy. Yeah keep electing idoits
Second, promises carry a huge moral weight for Hobbes, as they do in all social contract theories. The question, however, is why we should think they are so important. Why should my (coerced) promise oblige me, given the wrong you committed in threatening me and demanding my valuables? Hobbes has no good answer to this question (but see below, on egoistic interpretations of Hobbes's thinking here). His theory suggests that (in the state of nature) you could do me no wrong, as the right of nature dictates that we all have a right to all things. Likewise, promises do not oblige in the state of nature, inasmuch as they go against our right of nature. In civil society, the sovereign's laws dictate what is right and wrong; if your threat was wrongful, then my promise will not bind me. But as the sovereign is outside of the original contract, he sets the terms for everyone else: so his threats create obligations.
For eons it's been an article of faith among conservatives that public education should be controlled locally and never be subjected to the dictates and values of the federal government. But recently "conservative" Republicans like William Bennett have called for Washington to set curricular standards for every public school. This Big Government idea is not only horrible, says Cato Institute education-policy analyst Neal McCluskey, but it's another 180-degree wrong turn from conservatism's once-solid principles of limited government, free markets and parental choice. I talked to McCluskey by telephone on Tuesday about this ominous development.
That's the key to getting good standards and having real accountability, not what too many conservatives have now defaulted to, which is, "Well, now that we have power in Washington, let's just try and dictate to everybody what they're going to get out of education."
The Court found its prior decisions in AMP Products Corp. v. Commonwealth, 593 A.2d 1 (Pa. Cmwlth. 1991) and Smith v. Commonwealth, 684 A.2d 647 (Pa. Cmwlth. 1996) to be “instructive” in determining whether federal tax principles control the Pennsylvania tax result. The Court, however, found that the taxpayers’ reliance on Gosewisch v. Commonwealth, 397 A.2d 1288 (Pa. Cmwlth. 1979) - a case in which the Commonwealth Court en banc held that federal tax principles did dictate the Pennsylvania result – was misplaced. As discussed below, these and other findings are puzzling.
In AMP, federal tax principles dictated that the amounts deferred under a plan established pursuant to §401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) had been constructively received. Pennsylvania law, however, does not contain an equivalent to IRC §401(k), which provides a specific exception to the federal constructive receipt principles. Therefore, AMP (which was correctly decided) does not – as the Ignatz/Peabody decision suggests –stand for the broader proposition that federal tax principles do not apply to Pennsylvania tax law.
Government already dictates much in the medical industry. Medicare and Medicaid are now the largest player in the health care market providing 46 cents of every health care dollar spent in America. Private insurance provides 42 cents of every dollar and the remaining 12 cents comes from consumers through out-of-pocket expenditures.[i]
The loss of these constituencies commitment to free market principles has been devasting and increasingly resulted in physician decisions being dictated by government formularies - government reimbursement pay formulas for certain medical services and equipment. These pay formulas are the new values driving decisions in medical care. And now, the primary articulator of these values - government - is ready to pomote a claim of value in death.
Families make difficult choices of rationing every day - saving for college, purchasing a new and safer car, enhancing savings, moving to a new home, determining health care costs. Increasingly, government is making these decisions for us through the coercive impact of law or through tax code encouragement. This loss of liberty has profound implications. The government solution scheme incrementally replaces opportunity with government promises, diminishes personal accountability creating government inefficiencies and more ominously, invites government dictates in the cause of controlling costs.
And now President Obama is attempting to have government dictate abortion in the name of “choice.” Soon, you government may be dictating the duty to die to the disabled, sick and elderly in the cause of universal health care.
Students dictate stories, responses, or experiences to a teacher or peer, who writes or word processes the account using the student's words verbatim. Students then practice reading aloud the transcription, possibly to a partner.
Dictated stories, also called the Language Experience Approach, has been effective in developing the skills of new readers ranging from young children to adults. Students dictate stories, responses, or experiences to a teacher or peer, who writes or word-processes the account using the student's words verbatim. Students then practice reading aloud the transcription, possibly to a partner. In reading their own words, students maintain a personal connection to reading while building sight word knowledge and fluency. The dictated stories can be collected into a personal anthology, to be shared with other students or family.
I have lost count of the many thousands of letters, memos etc. which I dictated in a career of nearly 50 years (and counting). However, I clearly remember the first one. Exactly 2 months after my sixteenth birthday I started work and during the very first week I was asked to write a letter to one of our customers. I remember sitting at my desk jotting a few words on a pad and then crossing them out again as I tried to work out how to write a professional sounding letter. At that moment the Sales Manager walked by and asked how I was getting on in my first week. He then asked what the sales staff had me doing. I naively said I had been asked to write this letter.
It was a tough initiation but a lesson which stood me in good stead for the rest of my career. I followed the advice and slowly improved to the point where, after a few months, I didn’t need to write out my letters in full any more. I just jotted down a few points to guide my thinking and was then ready to start dictating. After a year or two I was able to dictate even complex letters without any written notes and only a rough outline in my head.
The aim of dictation is, of course, to clearly and concisely convey verbally, the wording you want converted to written form. While I was learning the art of dictating to a secretary, the secretary would give me tips on how to dictate in a way which made it easier for her to understand what I wanted typed. If I was mumbling or not speaking clearly enough, or not explaining what punctuation I wanted, the secretary would remind me. In that way mistakes were minimised and accuracy improved. Today the dictation program on your computer won’t give you that type of personalised guidance (or ask about your weekend) and it will not be effective in transcribing your dictation if you aren’t dictating in a way the program can interpret accurately. Therefore you need to work out for yourself the technique which gets the best results from your program.
Have a plan – if you are not experienced at dictating, learn the art. Start by writing out what you want to say and then reading it aloud to the dictation program. Then try dictating from memory what you have written rather than actually reading aloud and see if that works better. As your technique improves so will the accuracy of transcription by the program. With practice you should progress from writing out what you want to dictate to just jotting down an outline and ultimately to just making a written (or in time mental) note of points you want to cover before you start dictating [Ed: For those of us using MacSpeech dictate because of disabilities writing out a draft won't be practical in most cases, but I find it still helps to think about what I'm going to dictate before starting. Figure out what comes first, what points I need to make, what comes last. I don't know if this is less effective than writing things out as I've never been able to try writing things out, but it works for me.
If writer’s block strikes dictate an instruction to yourself - such as “finish this paragraph later” - and proceed with the parts you can get done rather than sitting worrying about what to say next. You can always fix the order with judicious cutting and pasting during editing
Remember to punctuate as you dictate – when you want a comma or a full stop inserted or a new paragraph started, include the instruction in your dictation. Various programs may handle this in different ways so take the time to learn what your program does and where possible change the settings to the version of punctuation (US English, Australian English etc.) you prefer [Ed: I believe that MacSpeech Dictate will adjust its expectations of punctuation names - such as "period" or "full stop" - according to the region set in the System Preferences "International" pane, Formats tab.]
Data were collected from the radiology information system regarding the length (in lines, words, and characters) of each report dictated during both the continuous speech recognition and the conventional transcription study periods. Additionally, 100 reports from each period were chosen randomly and reviewed by one of the authors for word errors. These errors were classified as errors in spacing (i.e., more than one space between words), spelling, or word omission or duplication; these data were then scored per 1000 words of report text.
After its first month of implementation, continuous speech recognition clearly became the preferred method of MR dictation, accounting for 81.8% of all reports dictated and 92.8% of all reports in the final 3 months. The radiologists using the system cited improved turnaround time as the primary impetus for its use, a sentiment that has been echoed by referring clinicians and hospital administrators. These latter groups are ever more important because managed care competition and issues regarding the value added by radiology require expeditious throughput.
Because continuous speech recognition transcribes reports in real-time (i.e., as they are being dictated), the third and fourth steps of the report generation process are combined, eliminating a significant amount of time (time3-4) that would have transpired with conventional dictation. A tangible benefit to our radiologists of the improvement in turnaround time has been a virtual elimination of incoming telephone calls for preliminary reports (which were cited as having been time-consuming). In contrast, a report by Seltzer et al. [9] published in 1997 examined a different manufacturer's technology. These researchers did not find continuous speech recognition to be an effective component of a total quality approach to reducing turnaround time in a large teaching hospital. This discrepancy in findings suggests that significant differences may exist in various continuous speech recognition technologies or dictating patterns or both.
Because a transcribed report is available to the dictating radiologist as the images are being read, he or she can edit and sign the report immediately [2, 4, 6], combining step 5 (when the report is dictated by a house staff radiologist) or steps 5 and 6 (when the report is dictated by faculty) into the dictation process; this can be expected to eliminate a significant amount of time (time4-5 and time5-6) [7]. The resulting timesaving was not evaluated in this study because of the confounding effect of other programs recently instituted to encourage radiologists to sign their reports expeditiously.
It is known that the main method of dictating a report is currently dictation of plain text. This requires the user to know the structure of the document he wants to dictate and use full, grammatically and semantically correct sentences. From a speech recognition point of view, plain text dictation is straight forward, yet certain improvements cannot be realized since the Speech recognition (SR) engine cannot make any interference reliably as to the structure of the report.
Another method for dictation is form filling, which takes templates to an extreme. According to this method, most commonly used reports are transformed to a form, so that users know exactly what to dictate where. This also makes it easier to extract information from the report, since the report form is known to the user. While this is ok in "commonly used" reports, it either doesn't address less common cases, or it becomes so unwieldy to cover all possibilities that it is impractical.
One problem is that recognized text is not easy to process. For this purpose there are expensive and error-prone tools such as coding tools, but these are not optimal. Another problem is the structure of the reports. Guidelines for dictating reports are usually determined centrally and the authors do not always hold to these guidelines when dictating. Additionally, each author has his/her own dictation style. Usually authors use the same report structure and even the same phrases. Some authors dictate the same things over and over again. They may also forget to dictate or address some points that are required.
The invention enables providing a method for creating a document report where all relevant data is marked and linked to an external database. The system according to the invention offers a report template which contains building blocks that are automatically created by a voice macro. The voice macro defines work-type fields that are to be filled by an author, so that the author doesn't forget what to dictate or to fill into the fields since he/she can see them. Relevant building blocks of such a report are automatically inserted, for instance, once the author indicates that he/she wants to dictate a chest x-ray of a patient. These blocks also contain markers that may be used to create distinct nodes in a document once the document is finished. The nodes are created by a general markup language, such as the Extended Markup Language (xml). In this way, specific parts of the document may be unmistakably mapped to an external database, whereby no parsing or coding is needed.
In addition, the same approach may also decouple the order and structure of the document sections from the content. The author may dictate in any order he likes, using alternative key words if he wishes, and the final document may still look uniform.
In addition, the same approach may also decouple the order and structure of the document sections from the content. The doctors may dictate in any order they like, using alternative key words if they wish, and the end document may still look uniform. Since the fields are identified explicitly in the SR application, in a post-processing step, the order of the dictation may be changed, e.g. the doctor dictates a comparison date first, then his findings, whereupon he realizes that he forgot a clinical statement and dictates that clinical statement.
To instruct others, or record thoughts without transcribing them. This may be your first use of a dictation machine. You can dictate messages, points to remember or speeches. When listening back to a speech, you’ll be able to judge how it sounds, and note where change is necessary.
If you cannot reach your colleague before you go on a trip, dictate the message and leave the tape on his desk. Make a note of things you should not forget if you wake up at night
Strive not to offend. Don't dictate in environments with intrusive ambient noise. Multitasking can be a smart use of time. But dictating in an airport, at a sporting event or while barreling down the freeway is usually a bad idea -- the safety implications of dictating while driving aside. Gauge the background noise first and, when in doubt, make a test recording.
Be considerate when backtracking and don't waste the secretary's time. Never dictate instructions such as "delete the last two paragraphs I just dictated." It only takes a few seconds to back the tape up and start over.
Don't dictate punctuation and don't spell ordinary words or standard legal terms. Any legal secretary who doesn't know where commas and periods go, or who can't spell subpoena, is in the wrong line of work; the sooner her incompetence is exposed, the better for all concerned. Always remember to spell out unusual proper names, but don't insult an experienced professional with silly spoon-feeding.
Avoid typing and use your voice to create documents, control applications and use the PC. Speech is a fast and natural way to create new documents - and with Dragon NaturallySpeaking you can accurately dictate at up to 160 words-per-minute.
You can also use your existing portable dictaphone or notetaker while you are away from your computer. The Express dictate Transfer from Portable Dictaphone/Notetaker (Dock) feature lets you transfer the dictation quickly and easily and send it to your typist or assistant via the internet or your computer network. Pocket dictate lets you dictate with a palm sized Pocket PC. You dictate directly on your Pocket PC using the buttons on the unit. When done, tap send and the dictation will be compressed, encrypted and sent to your typist by email automatically. If you install Pocket dictate you will quickly find it will replace your old dictaphone and, by using the internet to send dictations, will improve the turnaround on typing.
