squeeze
Ever go grocery shopping and spend extra time picking out just the right loaf of bread that doesn't seem to have been squeezed by too many hands just to have it end up at the bottom of a bag beneath the apples and oranges and squished anyway? That just PMO! Or opened all the cartons of eggs and jiggled each one in the tray to make sure there were no cracks or breaks unseen before carefully laying them away from everything else in the cart just to have them dumped unceremoniously into the bag with the ice cream planted firmly on top? Come on - it wasn't the bagger's first day but they probably weren't really paying attention. I think I'd like to be able to veto the choice of bagger or just do it myself at the grocery stores. If I look at ...<< MORE >>
IBM can acquire server and storage share. Sun still has a lot of hardware on the market in key verticals such as finance and telecom. The problem is that Sun is reliant on U.S. sales and that’s not a fun place to be right now. With Cisco entering the server market the profit margins could be squeezed—especially if the server essentially becomes a storage and networking box too. By acquiring Sun, IBM gets more scale so it can endure the margin squeeze. That same argument holds for storage hardware too.
Kinesthetic, Tactile, and Haptic Realms: When you squeeze your phone between shoulder and cheek, you anticipate its texture and weight, adjust your grip so that it won’t slip, and expect those pressures to disappear as soon as you release it. You already know that this object will fall if released from your grasp, or will break when subjected to too large a stress An immense amount of such knowledge is stored in your spinal cord, cerebellum, and brain—but those systems are so inaccessible that we can scarcely begin to think about them.
Nonfiring hand. Use the nonfiring hand to support the butt of the weapon. Place the hand next to the cheat and rest the tip of the butt on it. Bail the hand into a fist to raise the weapon's butt or loosen the fist to lower the weapon's butt. An effective method is to hold a sock full of sand in the nonfiring hand and to place the weapon butt on the sock. This reduces body contact with the weapon. To raise the butt, squeeze the sock and to lower it, loosen the grip on the sock.
Firing hand. With the firing hand, grip the small of the stock. Using the middle through little fingers, exert a slight rearward pull to keep the butt of the weapon firmly in the pocket of the shoulder. Place the thumb over the top of the small of the stock. Place the index finger on the trigger, ensuring it does not touch the stock of the weapon. This avoids disturbing the lay of the rifle when the trigger is squeezed.
The sniper maintains trigger control beat by assuming a stable position, adjusting on the target, and beginning a breathing cycle. As the sniper exhales the final breath toward a natural respiratory pause, he secures his finger on the trigger. As the front blade or reticle settles at the desired point of aim, and the natural respiratory pause is entered, the sniper applies initial pressure. He increases the tension on the trigger during the respiratory pause as long as the front blade or reticle remains in the area of the target that ensures a well-placed shot. If the front blade or reticle moves away from the desired point of aim on the target, and the pause is free of strain or tension, the sniper stops increasing the tension on the trigger, waits for the front blade or reticle to return to the desired point, and then continues to squeeze the trigger. If movement is too large for recovery or if the pause has become uncomfortable (extended too long), the sniper should carefully release the pressure on the trigger and begin the respiratory cycle again.
As long as the sight picture is satisfactory, the sniper squeezes the trigger. The pressure applied to the trigger must be straight to the rear without disturbing the lay of the rifle or the desired point of aim.
Acquiring wealth can sometimes be stressful. (It’s a tough job but somebody has to do it, right?) There are many ways to relieve stress. There are breathing exercises and squeeze balls and meditation techniques. But, have you ever though about playing in the sand… zen garden sand, that is.
The FET is not really turned off by negative net-charge. That is an overly simplified description. It is really turned off by a DIFFERENCE in the net-charge of the silicon and of the metal plate. You can either electrify the metal plate negatively, or electrify the silicon (and the battery, LED, and circuit wires) positively. Both will turn the FET off by pushing (or pulling) the electrons out of the silicon. Think of the rubber hose again: either you can squeeze it shut with fingers, or you can lower the pressure of the whole water circuit, and the hose will be collapsed by "suction" (by air pressure, actually.)
This little bilingual wonder makes learning a breeze with music and counting to encourage interest. Squeeze him one time to hear him count from one to ten, then squeeze him again to hear a joyful song about colors. He'll even sing about the objects on his shirt. Cute, cuddly and full of fun learning songs, this adorable 12" tall plush turns on when the right foot is squeezed, and switches from English to Spanish simply with the squeeze of his left foot. It requires 3 "AA" batteries, which are included.
Learning Friend - Tad - Learning Friend Tad makes learning fun as he musically introduces counting, colors and objects on his body. Squeeze him once to hear a counting 1-10 song. Squeeze him again to hear a song about colors and the objects on his shirt.
Learning Friend Tad makes learning fun as he musically introduces counting, colors and objects on his body. Squeeze him once to hear a counting 1-10 song. Squeeze him again to hear a song about colors and the objects on her shirt. Then with a simple press of his foot, you can switch all of his learning songs to Spanish! Press his foot again and switch back to English. This bilingual pal will be a friend for life!
Learning Friend Lily makes learning fun as she musically introduces counting, colors and objects on her body. From birth to 12 months. Squeeze her once to hear a counting 1-10 song. Squeeze her again to hear a song about colors and the objects on her shirt. Then with a simple press of her foot, you can switch all of her learning songs to Spanish. Press her foot again and switch back to English. This bilingual pal will be a friend for life. Manufacturer warranty: 90 days.
Learning Friend - Lily - Learning Friend Lily makes learning fun as she musically introduces counting colors and objects on her body. Squeeze her once to hear a counting 1-10 song. Squeezeher again to hear a song about colors and the objects on her shirt. Then with a simple press of her foot you can switch all of her learning songs to Spanish! Press her foot again and switch back to English. This bilingual pal will be a friend for life!Up to 12months.
Learning Friend Tad makes learning fun as he musically introduces counting, colors and objects on his body. Squeeze him once to hear a counting 1-10 song. Squeeze him again to hear a song about colors and the objects on his shirt. Then with a simple press of his foot, you can switch all of his learning songs to Spanish! Press his foot again and switch back to English. This bilingual pal will be a friend for life!
The water must go in slowly. You may shut the clamp or squeeze the tube to slow or stop the water flow. It takes about 5 minutes to drip in 1,000 cc (1 quart) of water. Hold the cone in place for 10 more seconds.
Peristalsis: the wave-like muscle contractions that squeeze liquid or solids along a tube such as the intestine and ureters. In the colon, peristalsis pushes the stool toward the anus or stoma.
Step One: Tension. The process of applying tension to a muscle is essentially the same regardless of which muscle group you are using. First, focus your mind on the muscle group; for example, your right hand. Then inhale and simply squeeze the muscles as hard as you can for about 8 seconds; in the example, this would involve making a tight fist with your hand.
The radiation delivered by all of those radioactive isotopes, which are now-extinct or partially depleted, is another insoluble problem for the young-earther. Trying to squeeze all that radiation into a 6000-year slot is like turning up the average rate of radioactivity 750,000 times! Only, it would have been far worse since the great bulk of radioactivity would have been concentrated at the time of creation. It is precisely then that all of the short-lived, radioactive isotopes would have been active, in addition to the rest. Adam and Eve would have fried! The whole Earth would have sizzled with radioactivity!
Jon Bonné, conference participant, at MSNBC.com: “Blogging doesn’t merely add more voices to the dialogue. It is an essential tool in helping to translate the world. But at the end of the day, the challenge remains to squeeze a world of information into our very finite lives.”
Bucharest: Access so phenomenal that it seemed as if the NCEW NCEW National Conference of Editorial Writers group was a must for any Romanian official of any stature: Witness the constant cell phone calls to a group organizer from Prime Minister Victor Ciobea's office, as he tried to squeeze into our schedule (he ultimately did) . . . dilapidated government offices and bleak street scenes, with stray dogs milling about and abundant signs of poverty . . . an hour-long session in the ornate Presidential Palace with Romanian President Emil Constantinescu, who talked passionately about his determination to bring about privatization privatization: see nationalization.
This is why so many worship gatherings launched within a church last only 3-5 years. Very few last any longer than that. They end up imploding because if the new worship gathering is truly rethinking everything as a missionary would to a different culture, then the new ministry with different values struggles to squeeze into the existing church structure's cultural form of ministry. Because the power lies with the senior leadership, the decisions are made from top to bottom, and the alternative worship gatherings are not at the top.
The 1970s found the commission finishing projects and looking to new ones. The most important project was the tunnel bypass program. The original Tuscarora Mountain Tunnel had just reopened in October 1970 after being refurbished. The final steps in the process, the reopening of the refurbished Kittatinny Mountain and Blue Mountain Tunnels, took place on March 18, 1971. Four twin tunnels had replaced the original seven two lane tunnels, and for the first time since the highway opened a traveler would not have to squeeze into a single lane to go through a tunnel.
As it is, the KDE desktop is already wonderful and full-featured. The amount of innovation that the developers were able to squeeze into the latest release is amazing, and I'm looking forward to future versions. If you have great ideas of your own for improvements, consider getting involved with the KDE project, and propose your ideas to the developers.
The groups pushing this ad are all groups founded by John Tanton better known as The Puppeteer to those familiar with the Southern Poverty Law Center. We know the SPLC considers FAIR a hate group, so why would Mother Jones allow them to spread their hateful message within the pages of this supposedly caring publication? While I don't know how they would answer I do know that FAIR's pro-environmentalist message helps them squeeze into places they normally wouldn't be welcome.
It was standing room only! In case you missed it, or were unable to squeeze into the room or hallway outside 204, I’ve attempted to sum up the wowing presentation of Tim Westergren, founder of Pandora. A last count of attendance totaled 86, but people continued to accumulate in the hallway and stairwell. (if you missed the presentation, here is a link to the video)
Clem recalls "Before the Blackberries joined we'd started to use a Lear Jet, and that was a lot of fun because we used to get these Vietnam pilots that would do all kinds of tricks for us. And we had a wonderful time. So when the girls joined we had to get a bigger plane. but that was boring as the bigger plane couldn't do stunts. So we decided the best thing was to hire two Lear Jets. But we didn't want to split up because we'd have such a great time singing together and stuff. So we discovered that if we put all the bags and equipment in one jet we could just about squeeze into the other one"
The Windows Media HD video is stored at 1440 x 816 resolution and then stretched to display at 1920, so the HD content is around twice as wide and twice as high as MPEG-2 DVD video at 720 x 480 pixels. The Windows Media audio is six-channel 5.1 surround sound (440 Kb, 48 kHz, 16-bit). The movie then is encoded at 6.8 Mbps, in the same range as used for DVD video. All of this material, at a running time of 152 minutes, is squeezed into 6.5 GB of space, fitting comfortably on a single 8.54 GB double-layer DVD disc along with the other DVD and PC content.
In order to make this problem tractable, I should specify that the momentum-space wave function isn't so wide (in other words, the position-space wave function isn't so narrow) that consequent relativistic effects become large. (For electrons, this doesn't happen until the position wave functions are squeezed into a space much smaller than an atom; and if the particle is more massive you have to squeeze it even more.) Also, I will ignore the particles' magnetic moments, if they have them, because all I care about is the electrostatic force.
"At the very minimum the damage caused in the Kuta Beach area would require an 8,000 pound HE blast-bomb of the sort used on London during the Second World War. Problem! How on earth do you squeeze 8,000 pounds of very bulky low-specific-gravity HE into a twelve-inch diameter sewerage pipe, located nearly five feet underground? Obviously what you need is a specialized weapon significantly less than twelve inches in diameter, but with a blast capability significantly in excess of 8,000 pounds of conventional explosive. Believe me people, there is only one weapon for the job, which explains why you will probably never see the damning crater picture at the top of this page anywhere else. The blast from this weapon was so severe that its detonation terminally damaged 47 buildings in the immediate area, and trashed more than one hundred vehicles ..."
To check your SKS, pull your bolt back to cock the hammer, then remove your receiver cover and recoil spring. Take care not to let the recoil spring shoot across the room! You can now look down to see your hammer. Slowly squeeze the trigger while watching the movement of the hammer. You may have to repeat several times, as the movement can and will be minimal. (Keep your fingers clear).
Referring to FIG. 1a, there is illustrated a representative hand sealer 10 connected through a coaxial cable 12 to an radio frequency (RF) generator (not shown). The hand sealer includes a manually operated trigger 14, as illustrated. To initiate a seal or weld across tubing 16, the tubing is placed intermediate fixed jaw 18 and moveable jaw 20. Upon actuating trigger 14, as illustrated in FIG. 1b, movable jaw 20 is drawn toward fixed jaw 18 to squeeze or compress tubing 16 therebetween. Simultaneous with movement of trigger 14, a mechanical switch internal to body 22 of hand sealer 10 is actuated to energize the RF generator. An indicator 24 may be actuated to advise the operator that a seal is presently being formed. Fixed and moveable jaws 18,20 compress tubing 16. Simultaneously, RF energy is transmitted across the jaws through tubing 16 resulting in heating and subsequent melting of the tubing to form, in combination with the compressive force of the jaws, a weld thereacross.
The score shifts as Lee taunts him to squeeze the trigger. The Lapmkin ostinato, melody and tense percussion return, leading us to a presumed explosive finale. But, here was my greatest challenge in the episode. This sequence builds tension, but it doesn’t end with a cut to black, or any easily-scored action. Instead, we pre-lap Lee Adama’s voice as he’s sworn into office before we cut to it. This created a problem for me. The tension in the score needed to suggest that Lee was about to get shot, but I couldn’t build the score up to a huge, bombastic finale because it would cover up the dialog in the pre-lap. Frak!
I personally believe God does exists, and that he cares about all of us. Think about if for a second. God created us so he could love us, and we could love him back. The only way he could have us love him back is by giving us free will. If he didn't give us free will, he would have to make us like those little dolls that when you squeeze them they say "I love you". And that wouldn't be real love, now would it? So, since he gave us free will, that gives us the choice to follow him, or not. Because of us sinning, we suffer. (but don't worry about the newborns, the Bible says God, at certain ages, lets people into heaven even if they haven't accepted Christ as their Savior.)
The big wake-up for Homo shrek will be a beeping emergency warning that interrupts the latest episode of American Idol. He’ll stare intensely at the orange screen reading each word of the emergency broadcast system. “The Department of Homeland Security – Level Red - Severe - Massive Explosion - New York City”, or it could be anywhere for that matter. He’ll point to the T.V. screen, the hair on the back of his neck will stand on end, adrenalin will rush through his body and he’ll think “What the f%@* is going on?” “This can’t happen to the U.S. of A. We’re gonna kick some butt.” He calls the family into the room for a intense prayer session. They close their eyes and squeeze them shut real tight just like they saw Pat Robertson do. The tighter they squeeze their eyes, the stronger their prayers become. Homo shrek's son mumbles “damned Muslims", but he'll get his chance when The Decider determines his fate.
In the processing, the whole orange is put into the machine. Enzymes are added to get as much oil as possible out of the skin. Oranges are a very heavily sprayed crop. These sprays are cholinesterase inhibitors, which are real neurotoxins. When they put the oranges in the vats and squeeze them, all those pesticides go into the juice.
As we live comfortably numb in our own shelter and at the comfort of the four corners of our sanctuary, there just a few miles from our asylum, is a place where nobody dares to hoof. A place what they call slum area at the railroad tracks. About a hundred or more families squeeze themselves in a vacant lot beside the railroad.
Heat the olive oil over medium high heat in a medium skillet. While the oil heats, pat your halibut steaks dry with a paper towel and season them generously with salt and pepper. Once the oil runs thin, place the fish in the skillet and cook for 3-4 minutes. Flip once and cook on the second side for about another 3 minutes, being careful not to overcook the fish. Serve immediately on top of the succotash with lemon wedges to be squeezed over the fish.
Spread broccoli in a single layer on a baking sheet. Roast for 10 minutes. Add shrimp to baking sheet and toss with broccoli. Roast, tossing once halfway through, until shrimp are just opaque and broccoli is tender and golden around edges, about 10 minutes more. Serve with lemon wedges, or squeeze lemon all over shrimp and broccoli just before serving. Want more great recipes and pairings? Check out our recipe library.
You may all remember that I picked up some Meyer lemons at the farmers' market a couple of weeks ago. I've been using them in various dishes ever since, but I had a feeling that I hadn't really found a way to use the special qualities of the Meyer lemon to their best advantage. The Meyer lemon does make a fantastic vinaigrette dressing, but when I used Meyer lemons in the way I most often use regular lemons -  squeezing them and adding the juice to various dishes at the end of cooking to perk up flavors - I couldn't help thinking that I'd have been better off with a regular lemon - the Meyer doesn't have the bracing tartness of a regular lemon, and its subtle sweetness tends to get lost in any complex cooked dish.
So, you have a beaten, broken down state scraping the barrel for some cash to pay some rich venture capitalists to move in. All the while, the state will have to squeeze harder for taxes on the rest of the state to raise this bribe to come. Michigan will never learn. You can't bribe everybody because you will have to screw somebody to get the money. But, not to worry, the state officials will have great economic insight to pick which companies to bribe.
"The reason for a state-owned bank is simple enough. We've obviously lost control of our finances. Our municipalities are burdened with legacy debt and aging infrastructure, and the only current way to fix the infrastructure right now, is to bond through Wall Street. We can't take any more taxes, but indebting us to Wall Street has cost us dearly, and those costs will only increase as the credit crunch continues to squeeze us, both at home and in our neighborhoods. Businesses are also suffering. Banks are cancelling lines of credit for businesses with excellent credit. Shopping centers are empty, and it seems as though another friend loses his or her job every week. The future is bleak. Credit is all but drying up, as scarce resources increasingly are diverted to bail out Wall Street and to repay the national debt.
The news comes at a time when many Indians already suspect the U.S. is trying to squeeze the country's successful outsourcing industry. Each year, the American government hands out 65,000 H-1B visas, and Indian engineers receive many of them. However, as part of President Obama's economic stimulus package, Congress passed provisions to bar any U.S. company that receives bailout dollars from directly hiring workers on these H-1B visas.
Congressman Jim McGovern will try to squeeze a bit of common sense into the bill with a floor amendment that actually calls for what the President told a national television audience that the US needs: an exit strategy from the war in Afghanistan. So far, he has been able to collect 89 co-sponsors for his bill. The Win Without War coalition has been working closely with Congressman McGovern and other Congressional allies on this important amendment. Coalition member and allied organizations have stepped up: MoveOn.org, USAction/TrueMajority.org, Peace Action and United for Peace and Justice all sent alerts last week to their membership asking them to call Members of Congress in support of this bill. With any luck they will, increasing pressure on Congress to provide a badly needed check and balance to a very imbalanced defense bill.
"You have to stop." She squeezed my hand tight and drew me over to the bench.
To simplify this down to its lowest common denominator, what's thought to date is that we have a bladder and we have paraurethral glands, both of which can and often do contain fluids. When we put pressure on those areas or the areas surrounding them (both due to how arousal expands things in and around our genitals, and due to actual pressure put by fingers, hands or anything else during sex), that fluid sometimes squirts out. It's no big mystery, really, nor the eighth wonder of the world: the same thing happens when we squeeze a water balloon or a sponge.
Betsey is an unassuming 21-year- old who has never lived anywhere else but Napa and makes little more than $10 an hour. Like reservationists at popular restaurants all over the Bay Area, she spends her day erasing names, shuffling tables, filling cancellations and handling a maitre d' or chef who suddenly has to squeeze Wolfgang Puck or Tori Spelling into an already precariously full evening. And she will do it as people try to lie, bully and bribe their way in.
To begin, put the cuff on. Then, place the disk of the stethoscope facedown under the cuff, just to the inner side of your upper arm, over the brachial artery. Next, place the stethoscope earpieces in your ears, with the earpieces facing forward. Rest the gauge in the open palm of the hand of your cuffed arm so that you can clearly see it. Then squeeze the pump rapidly with your opposite hand until the gauge reads 30 points above your usual systolic pressure. Be sure to inflate the cuff rapidly.
This is about as basic as you get. A cable is connected to a lever at each end. You press on one lever with your foot or squeeze it with your hand, and it pulls the lever at the other end. On the back of the brake-end lever there's an elliptical cam which rotates inside a circular cup in the brake shoe. As the long axis of the ellipse rotates, it forces the brake shoes to move apart. In the case of a bicycle brake, the brake-end of the cable just pulls the two calipers together.
IBM can acquire server and storage share. Sun still has a lot of hardware on the market in key verticals such as finance and telecom. The problem is that Sun is reliant on U.S. sales and that’s not a fun place to be right now. With Cisco entering the server market the profit margins could be squeezed—especially if the server essentially becomes a storage and networking box too. By acquiring Sun, IBM gets more scale so it can endure the margin squeeze. That same argument holds for storage hardware too.
Dean... I am already seeing condo sales being squeezed here in Connecticut. People just starting out that do NOT have 10% to put down are now unable to purchase condos. This was usually the venue then would take to building equity, and moving into a home in a few years.... not anymore.
Wash the lemons and oranges well then grate the rind from them and squeeze the juice, which should be kept in the refrigerator until needed. Put the rinds and remaining ingredients into a large pan and bring to the boil. Simmer for one hour. Skim and leave in jugs overnight to cool. Add the fruit juices the next day. Drink undiluted.
Chop fresh plants or plant parts up into small pieces and press to squeeze out the juice. Add a little water to the pressed material and press again to get the rest. This is a good method for extracting water-soluble constituents, especially those sensitive to heat. It is excellent for getting vitamins and minerals from the plant; but the juice must be taken within a short time after pressing, since the vitamin content declines rapidly and fermentation sets in.
Take a dozen large lemons and pare off the rind. Cut the lemons in half and squeeze out the juice. Put the rinds and juice in a bowl and pour brandy over. Let it stand in a tightly closed earthen vessel for 3 days. Squeeze another dozen lemons into a pot, add a gallon of fresh spring water, and as much sugar as will sweeten the whole of your palate. Boil it together to dissolve sugar and let stand till cool. Add a quart of white wine and the lemon brandy mixture. Run it through a cheescloth and into a sterilized cask. Let stand 3 months and bottle it off for use. Keep the bottles well corked and store in a cool, dark place. It will be fit to drink in a month or so.
Peel lemons, reserving the rinds. Add rinds to the crock of petals. Squeeze the lemon juice over the petals. Cool mixture to room temperature.
MS. SEXTON: At Orchid Island Juice Company, we do not receive any tankers or provide any tankers. We do not inventory juice, also. Juice is processed, squeezed and is shipped immediately. So the tanks that you see are tanks preparing it to go into the bottling system. They are not inventory tanks, and that is very, very, very important. They are not.
In retail applications where we deliver directly to a distribution unit, the distribution unit will get the juice, in most situations, the day after, so it will be two days into the distribution unit. They'll get it out in 3 days, so it will be on the shelf in 5. A lot of our retailers, because of the regularity of our deliveries and the fact that we ship the juice as soon as we squeeze it, have actually had us change the code to a 14-day code, so they're pulling the juice off the shelf even when the customer still can consume the juice for 3 more days, or they could have it on the shelf for 3 more days.
Just to give you our position for the HACCP consortium here--and, again, these are four companies that represent--it's a very small industry, the fresh juice, fresh citrus juice industry, but these four companies represent, we think, probably over 50 percent of that industry. We're not talking here about, you know, fresh fruit that may be delivered to a storefront or something like that where it would be squeezed, as was perhaps some of the discussion earlier about California. We're talking about a small group of four companies who basically only produce fresh citrus juice.
Citrus Squeezer--A Citrus squeezer squeezes juice. There are electric, manual and hand held squeezers. My very favorite is a piece of art by contemporary artist Philippe Stark because no one ever guesses that it’s a citrus squeezer. You set the glass under it and catches the juice. Guests really love the presentation. I suggest only using limes or seedless lemons, because the seeds will fall into the glass.
First I shall explain about coconut milk: we have all used it at sometime in our cooking. Contrary to what many people think coconut milk (gkati) is not the juice found inside a coconut, but the diluted cream pressed out from the thick, white flesh of a well-matured coconut. To make coconut milk commercially the flesh is grated and then pressed by machinery. But you can do it yourself if you have the time by finely grating the coconut meat and placing it in hot water until it is cool enough to handle. Then squeeze it dry, and strain the white fluid to remove all the pulp. When allowed to sit for a while, the coconut cream rises to the top. You can change the density of the milk by repeating the process and adding more hot water. An average mature coconut should give you about one cup of milk.
We prepare almost all our meals ourselves, and find that cooking is not a chore, but often a nice break from our other activities and one that does not take much time and energy. Cooking is not just a matter of economics. It allows us to take charge of what we eat, and it is both convenient and fun. A few minutes with a knife, peeler and grater produces a delicious salad of whatever is on hand: green leafy things, tomatoes, cucumbers, grated carrots, and on and on. Add a topping of olive oil, squeeze some juice from a wedge of lime, sprinkle with feta cheese and some sliced olives for a special treat, and the result is hard to beat. How hard is it to grow sprouts, or make tofu or sauerkraut? Not hard at all.
Pour Cruzan Estate Light Rum over ice in a rocks or long drink glass. Fill with pineapple juice and cranberry juice. Squeeze a lime wedge over and drop in.
Cut the chicken into 2-inch pieces and season with salt and pepper. Preheat a deep pot of oil or a deep fryer to 365°. Bread the chicken pieces by first dredging in flour, then dipping in eggs, and lastly, rolling in bread crumbs or panko. Deep-fry in oil until done and golden in color. Drain off excess oil. Season with salt and squeeze fresh lemon juice. Skewer each piece in a rosemary sprig.
If you have a centrifugal juicer: juice one bunch of kale. Save juice for yourself. We will work with the pulp that has been ejected into the bulk bin. b) Simply shred the bunch of kale in your food processor, process until finely minced, then squeeze the excess juice out with your hands.
1. Prepare the ingredients as indicated. Make tamarind juice by starting with 1 Tbs. of compressed tamarind in 1/3 cup of warm water. Work the tamarind with your fingers to dissolve the soft fruit; gather up remaining undissolvable pulp, squeeze to extract juice and discard. Add more tamarind or water as necessary to make 1/4 cup of concentrate. 2. Divide the ingredients into two batches and make each batch as follows. Using a large clay mortar with a wooden pestle, pound the garlic and chilies to a paste. Add the long beans and pound to bruise. Follow with the green papaya and carrot. Stir well with a spoon and pound to bruise the vegetables so that they absorb the heat and flavor of the chilies and garlic. 3. Add the tamarind and lime juice, soy sauce and palm sugar. Stir and pound a bit more to blend the vegetables with the flavorings and seasonings. Taste and adjust flavors to the desired hot-sour-sweet-and-salty combination. Then add the tomato pieces, stir and bruise lightly to blend in with the rest of the salad. Transfer to a serving plate and sprinkle with peanuts.
Wash veggies. Slice zuchinni and eggplant in slices, medium width. Cut a bit off ends of asparagus. Combine Olive Oil,oregano,basil,garlic,sea salt,pepper. Whisk together. Brush mixture onto veggies covering all sides, then grill over medium heat until lightly browned. Sprinkle with little parsley, and squeeze lemon juice for final touch.
"Many people who succeed in catching fish, sometimes in large numbers, do not eat them because they have no water. Adapting diet to water reserves is a good principle, but fish are a food source that contains a large quantity of endogenous water (60 to 80 percent, depending on the species). Alain bombard survived for 24 days drinking exclusively seawater and fish juices…up to 15 ounces of water per 2.2 pounds of fish can be extracted…musscle masses must be cut into cubes…should be wrapped in a piece of linen or a garment which is twisted to squeeze out the juice…it is better to use a shirt than an absorbent towel!" (Maniguet, pages 142-143)
Young ko shoots were used for lacerations and cuts. Along with other plants and salt, the shoots were wrapped in ti leaves and baked over charcoal. The juice was then squeezed and placed on a cut.
The young unripe noni fruit can be pounded thoroughly with salt and the mixture placed carefully on deep cuts and on broken bones. Sometimes the juice is squeezed out of this mixture, boiled and applied to the wounds. The ripe fruit can be used as a poultice for facial blemishes, rubbed until the oil disappears, and also to draw out the pus and core from an infected sore or boil, such as with a staph infection. In the old days, this was tied on with a bandage of tapa bark cloth. The dressing of noni could be reapplied more than once for difficult cases.
"Lemonade.--Use three large or four medium-sized lemons for each quart of water and from six to eight tablespoonfuls of sugar. Rub or squeeze the lemons till soft. Cut a slice or two from each, and extract the juice with a lemon drill; strain the juice through a fine wire strainer to remove the seeds of the pulp, and pour it over the sugar. Add the slices lemon, pour over all a very little boiling water to thoroughly dissolve the sugar; let it stand ten or fifteen minutes, then add the necessary quantity of cold water, and serve. Or rub the sugar over the outside of the lemons to flavor it, and make it into a syrup by adding sufficient boiling water to dissolve it. Extract and strain the lemon juice, add the prepared syrup and the requisite quantity of cold water, and serve."
How to: Using a paring knife, remove peel, pith, and outer membranes from 2 grapefruit. Slice into 1/4-inch rounds; set aside. Squeeze juice from remaining grapefruit, and set aside. Grind fennel seeds until very fine. Place ground seeds in a bowl; add 1/4 cup grapefruit juice and honey. Season with salt. Whisk to combine, slowly adding olive oil. Set dressing aside. Using a mandoline or sharp knife, slice onion into thin rounds; place in a bowl. Pour remaining grapefruit juice over onions; toss.
This is effected by placing clear, sweet straw, or hair cloths between the layers of pommage till there is a pile of 10 or 12 layers. This pile is then subjected to different degrees of pressure in succession, till all the must or juice is squeezed from the pommage. This juice, after being strained in a coarse hair-sieve, is then put either into open vats or close casks, and the pressed pulp is either thrown away or made to yield a weak liquor called washings.
Pare off the rinds of 6 large lemons, cut them, and squeeze out the juice. Steep the rinds in the juice, and put to it 1 qt. of brandy. Let it stand 3 days in an earthen pot close stopped; then squeeze 6 more, and mix with it 2 qts. of springwater, and as much sugar as will sweeten the whole. Boil the water, lemons and sugar together and let it stand till it is cool. Then add 1 qt. of white wine, and the other lemons and brandy; mix them together, and run it through a flannel beg into some vessel. Let it stand 3 months and then bottle it off. Cork the bottles well; keep it cool, and it will be fit to drink in a month or 6 weeks.
Another. - Take 20 large quinces, gathered when they are dry and full ripe. Wipe them clean with a coarse cloth, and grate them with a large grater or rasp as near the cores as possible; but do not touch the cores. Boil a gall. of spring-water, throw in the quinces, and let them boil softly about 1/4 of an hour. Then strain them well into an earthen pan, on 2 lbs. of double-refined sugar. Pare the peel of 2 large lemons, throw them in, and squeeze the juice through a sieve. Stir it about till it is very cool, and then toast a thin bit of bread very brown, rub a little yeast on it, and let the whole stand close-covered 24 hours. Take out the toast and lemon, put the wine in a cask, keep it 3 months, and then bottle it. If a 20-gallon cask is wanted, let it stand 6 months before bottling it; and remember, when straining the quinces, to wring them hard in a coarse cloth.
In the southern parts of France their way is with red wines to tread or squeeze the grapes between the hands, and let the whole stand, juice and husks, till the tincture is to their liking; after which they press it. For white wines they press the grapes immediately, and when pressed they tun the must and stop up the vessel, leaving only the depth of a foot or more to give room for it to work. At the end of 10 days they fill this space with some other good wine that will not work it again.
Ginger: One of the most satisfying tonics when you're not feeling your best is ginger tea. Ginger is a potent diaphoretic which in plain English means it helps to make you perspire, and warms the body from the inside. Plus, ginger is rich in immune-boosting zinc. To make a therapeutic ginger tea, grind a one-inch slice of fresh ginger, squeeze the juice of half a lemon, and add to a cup of steaming hot water along with 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon.
Golden Pie.—Take one lemon; grate the peel, and squeeze the pulp and juice in a bowl—be sure to remove every seed—to which add one teacup of new milk, one tablespoonful of powdered starch, and the yolks of three eggs, well beaten; pour this mixture into a nice paste crust, and bake slowly. Beat the whites of three eggs to a stiff froth, and when the pie is just done pour it over the top evenly, and return to the oven, just to stiffen, not brown.
Caviar: If served caviar, place about one teaspoon on your plate. Spread the caviar over toast points or crackers provided. If you like, squeeze a drop of fresh lemon juice over the caviar. Eat it plain or garnish it with hard-boiled egg, onion or creme fraiche. Do not eat more than two ounces, or about two spoonfuls.
My favorite drink I picked up on here in Vietnam is called a "Soda Chang". Chang is the Vietnamese word for Lime. They don't know the difference between a lemon and a lime, so most Vietnamese will call it Lemon if they speak English, or Limon if they speak French. The drink is sort of like a do-it-yourself 7-up, but better. You basically take plain soda (Club Soda), squeeze in some lime, and add some sugar. In Vietnam, they have liquid sugar that mixes well with cold water. However, you won't find that anywhere else so you have to get granulated sugar and stir like mad for quite a while and you never actually get all of the sugar mixed in. For the lime, you can use about a tablespoon of concentrated lime juice, or squeeze the juice from about half of a medium sized lime.
Marcel showed us a Vietnamese tradition that's a nice addition to any meal that has small slices of meat. Take a small dish about the size of the soy sauce dish you get in a Japanese or Chinese restaurant. In that, put equal amounts of salt and pepper (about 1/4 teaspoon for 1 person). Then take about half a lime, and squeeze the juice over the dish. You want just enough juice to end up with all of the salt and pepper being wet, without a lot of juice left over. Take the end of your chopsticks and mix the whole thing together. Then take the meat in the chopsticks, and dip it in the sauce. It's quite good, so do try this at home.
They grow a lot of sugarcane here, and I've had it in a couple of formats that are interesting. For lunch on day we had raw sugarcane with meat wrapped around it. It looked a bit like a corn dog, except the meat was on the outside. You eat the meat off the outside, and then chew on the sugarcane. This was pretty good. You also find little cafe like places along the side of the road that have a little sugarcane press. This is a set of rollers spring loaded together with a handle to turn one of them. The vendor sticks a piece of raw sugarcane in there, and turns the crank to move it through the press. This squeezes the juice out of the cane, which is then placed in a cup of ice and you drink it straight. This is pretty good, but not something I'd want on a regular basis.
I'm a big tea drinker. Well, if I could I'd drink coffee all day long, but I know tea is better for me so I try to stick to that after my morning coffee. I've also been trying to cut down on my caffeine intake because God knows I already don't get enough sleep. So I try to drink decaf after 8 p.m., which is when I get a majority of my work done.I'm also a big fan of grapefruit and loved the idea of making my own tea from it. Making tea is something I never even considered before, and while this isn't your traditional tea, it was totally easy. Martha's ended up looking a lot prettier than mine, but what did I really expect?You'll need two ruby red grapefruits. Squeeze all the juice out of them, which should give you two cups. You'll also need honey, whole allspice, and cinnamon sticks. Combine the juice and other ingredients with 1/2 cup of water and boil in a pot over high heat. Strain the mixture and serve with a cinnamon stick!Mine wasn't as pinky as I would have liked.
For the basil oil: Blanch basil, spinach and parsley in boiling salted water for 45 seconds. Immediately shock in ice water and drain. Roughly chop mixture and squeeze out excess water. Transfer mixture to a blender and puree with olive and grapeseed oils for one minute, or until bright green. Pour into a container, cover and refrigerate for one day. Strain oil through a fine-mesh sieve, then again through cheesecloth and refrigerate until ready to use, or up to two weeks.
RE: Lighten Your Hair with Lemon Juice Lemon juice is a good "lightener", but it does not do any thing dramatic. I have natural light brown hair, after putting about 1 lemon's juice on my hair, doing my normal daily activities, work, etc., all for about week straight, i ended up with some blondish streaks. I did not sit in the sun all day, i just did what I normally do. I washed my hair each night, shampoo and conditioner. That was my first experiment with it. Every summer now, I do this: squeeze out the juice of 4 lemons, put in one of those cheap spray bottles you can buy anywhere, mix it with about a third amount of water, and add either some body spray or scented oils in it. Smells great, naturally lightens just enough, and so easy!
Open testis biopsy - a surgical biopsy that allows visualization of the exposed structures - is the preferred method of testis biopsy. This procedure generally is performed in a hospital, and the patient is given local or general anesthesia. A "window technique" is used when a simple biopsy is planned and no inspection of the epididymis is necessary. The frontal skin of the scrotum is stretched, the testis is lifted, and a small incision is made through the surrounding membrane sheath. Gentle pressure then is applied to squeeze out a small amount of testicular tissue, which is excised (cut out) and placed in an appropriate preservative solution. Both testes should be biopsied if there are indications of ductal obstruction or testicular failure.
As it turned out, I never experienced any systemic effects from the bite or the antivenin. The doctor's determination was that it had been a dry bite or that I had misidentified the snake (implied). But neither he nor I could explain the numbness and mild swelling in my finger, which persisted for more than a week after the bite. Personally, I believe that I received a minute dose of venom. I believe that the following factors contributed to my good fortune: the coral snake did not chew on me; the snake was a small specimen with small teeth and a small venom yield potential; and the bite occurred on the tip of my finger where I could easily squeeze out any venom which may have made its way into my skin.
name is Mike. I am an African American with a medium skin tone and I have post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation from acne that happened late Sept/early Oct from a few acne cysts and from another dermatologist injecting these acne cysts with kenalog injections and using a blackhead extracter to squeeze out the sebum eventually leaving 5 brown marks on my face after they healed. My question is I am considering having a Vitalize or TCA chemical peel to remove these marks from my face so should I do this or what would u recommend? OK so would a Yag laser be safe on me an African American with a medium complexion?
My name is Mike. I am an African American with a medium skin tone and I have post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation from acne that happened late Sept/early Oct from a few acne cysts and from another dermatologist injecting these acne cysts with kenalog injections and using a blackhead extracter to squeeze out the sebum eventually leaving 5 brown marks on my face after they healed. My question is I am considering having a Vitalize or TCA chemical peel to remove these marks from my face so should I do this or what would u recommend?
Some cooking tools for meat may use rollers as conveyors to move cuts of meat or other ingredients from one part of an apparatus or one location in a kitchen to another and so forth. Other household tools such as a mop bucket or roller wringer may provide rollers pressed together and between which the mop rag may be passed to wring the mop dry by turning one of the rollers with a hand crank attached to the roller. Generally such roller wringers keep the rollers pressed tightly together to maximize the wringing force on whatever passes between the rollers to squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Thus conveyor rollers and wringer rollers are not generally well suited for flattening chicken or other poultry breasts.
The compression ratio of an engine is the measurement of the ratio between the combined volume of a cylinder and a combustion chamber when the piston is at the bottom of its stroke, and the same volume when the it's at the top of its stroke. The higher the compression ratio, the more mechanical energy an engine can squeeze from its air-fuel mixture. Similarly, the higher the compression ratio, the greater the liklihood of detonation.
For the filling: Combine nutmeg, ginger, cinnamon, salt and brown sugar in a bowl and set aside. Place 6 sheets of gelatin in a bowl of cold water to soften. In a saucepan, combine the 3 egg yolks and milk with a whisk over a medium-high heat and stir with a whisk until it begins to thicken. Do not boil! Remove from heat, stir in the sugar and spices and whisk until well blended. Squeeze water from the softened gelatin sheets and quickly dissolve in the hot custard. Allow to cool for about 30 minutes and stir in pumpkin and rum or rum extract. Pour into a bowl and place in the refrigerator until it just begins to set, about an hour or so.
For the mousse: Place gelatin sheets in a bowl of cool water for a few minutes. Heat the juice in the microwave until hot. Squeeze water from the gelatin sheets and dissolve in the hot juice. Set aside to cool.
Clothing: Transition is the hardest time. Buy a few items that go well with each other and make you feel good. It is much better to have a few pairs of pants/shorts/skirts, and a few tops that are in the “transition” size. Trying to squeeze into your “skinny” jeans will only frustrate you. Don’t worry, you can put them on a hanger for future inspiration.
Low-rise: Low-rise jeans have the smallest space between crotch and waist. This rise of jeans generally sits a few inches below the belly button, so make sure to wear a shirt of appropriate length to avoid exposing your midsection (and lower!) to the world. Also keep in mind that low-rise jeans tend to squeeze around the belly area, so if you've got any extra weight hanging in that region, prepare for this rise to super size it.
Now if you find yourself at a plateau after several months of this program, try to squeeze in another session, making it 3 or 4 sessions each week if you feel your constitution can take the extra training. Bear in mind that at this point you should still be exercising to failure or thereabouts, at 12 repetitions for 3 sets for the set number of exercises in the program. You may have adjusted the weight load upward to account for strength gains.
You can improve fuel mileage by 2 to 4 miles per gallon by maintaining an even speed. With all that weight, it takes a lot of fuel to accelerate even slightly Deceleration is just setting you up to waste more fuel. Try to avoid heavy traffic -- especially rush hours. Pull into a rest area, take a nap or enjoy a bite to eat and some relaxing time. When you are in traffic, leave plenty of space in front of you. Yes, there are always those inconsiderate drivers who will try to squeeze into 18 feet of space with a 19 foot car. Let them. You will get there; they may not.
You can still reap plenty of benefits from accumulating exercise minutes throughout the day in smaller chunks, even if you cannot set aside a full hour for a workout. Spend a few minutes thinking of your typical day and how you might be able to squeeze in additional movement.
What's the number one reason most people give up on an exercise program? There's not enough time in the day to work in that workout.For anyone who's time-challenged - and that's most of us - finding ways to squeeze in 30 minutes of daily exercise is doable, provided the 30 minutes are broken down into 3 10-minute segments. Here's how to work in three mini workouts throughout the day.
You’re not too busy to squeeze in a workout. Jenny Hein, right, and Vicky Hallett exercise while blow-drying their hair. (Photo by Susan Biddle Washington Post)
In today's extremely busy world, homeowners often find it difficult to squeeze in housecleaning on their already busy schedules. If you are a working parent, for example, how can you find the time to do the household chores yourself if you are juggling your time between the office and the things that you need to do at home? Fortunately, there is a good number of agencies today which offer maids and cleaning services.
Many new moms find that having an exercise video or a piece of workout equipment in the house helps them to squeeze in some time for working out. Others use a facility with child care or find time before or after work. Going out for a brisk walk with the stroller is great when the weather is fine and can be fun for the baby as well.
Think you don't have time to work out? Well think again! For the past 20 years Tony Horton has trained all types of clients; from full-time moms, to CEO's and celebrities. And they all had one thing in common - not enough time in their busy lives. You need to maximize every minute of your day and that's why Tony Horton developed the 10-Minute Trainer®. No matter how busy you may be, you can always find the time to squeeze in one of Tony's 10-minute workouts... just ten minutes a day to get amazing results! Now you have no more excuses to get back in shape! With these incredible Beachbody in home fitness workouts, combined with Tony's easy-to-follow meal plan, you'll lose weight, tone your body from head to toe, and have plenty of time to get things done! Try it today RISK FREE!
August 2003 - Well, as you would guess, even more chinking going on. Gary and I continued chinking, and still managed to squeeze in some fun time in South Haven. I also was pleasantly surprised by the arrival of Aunt Jeannie, Uncle Greg, and Lizzie!
June 2003 - Decided that it was time to start enjoying the place, so I went to Galyans and bought a Canoe. So, we trekked off to the Cabin to finally get out on the water. We did manage to squeeze in a little bit of work too, though.
Katie Gatto Between work, family and social obligations most of us have to squeeze in our time to workout. Few of us have the time to sit down at the end of the day and put all the information from our workouts into a...Read More
Thirty minutes takes you out of the totally sedentary zone into the somewhat active zone where health benefits begin to increase. Of course you would benefit more if you could do an hour's worth of exercise a day but since that can be difficult to squeeze into a busy schedule, 30 minutes is much better than zero minutes! The ideal exercise program would be a combination of some kind of aerobic activity, some type of resistance training (lifting weights) and stretching. However, the ideal is not always possible so don't fall for the all-or-nothing attitude toward exercise. Any kind of physical activity will help to improve your appearance, increase your productivity, enhance your self-esteem and reduce your risk of health-related ailments.
I didn’t realize how much weight I had put on until I attended a co-worker’s wedding and tried to squeeze into a skirt that I used to love. I did manage with much difficulty to squeeze into the skirt, but I spent the entire afternoon holding the front panel of the skirt because it would not stay put. I still have photos and I can see my hand holding the skirt. I can also see how incredibly round my cheeks were and I can even see a bit of a stomach bulge from my blouse … every time I look at those photos I always feel like I’m looking at someone I don’t even know.
How To Squeeze Into a Dress Before a Big Event Whether you’re an Oscar nominee or a new mom with an upcoming high school reunion, these tricks will get you into that va-va-... Whether you’re an Oscar nominee or a new mom with an upcoming high school reunion, these tricks will get you into that va-va-voom dress without splitting the seams.
You can improve fuel mileage by 2 to 4 miles per gallon by maintaining an even speed. With all that weight, it takes a lot of fuel to accelerate even slightly Deceleration is just setting you up to waste more fuel. Try to avoid heavy traffic -- especially rush hours. Pull into a rest area, take a nap or enjoy a bite to eat and some relaxing time. When you are in traffic, leave plenty of space in front of you. Yes, there are always those inconsiderate drivers who will try to squeeze into 18 feet of space with a 19 foot car. Let them. You will get there; they may not.
We are a society of snackers, and Super Soynuts are the ideal American-made snack. Many of our customers have told us about the difficulty of incorporating tofu or other traditional Asian soyfoods into their daily diets. However, soynuts are crunchy treats that are easy to squeeze into your hectic schedule -- at your desk, in your car, or on the run. They are also a healthy addition to your favorite recipes.
There will be two poster sessions, on Thursday and Friday evenings, rather than just one. As was the case last year, there are simply too many posters to squeeze into a single session if each is to receive the time and attention it deserves.
Imagine, you do not have to sign up for a gym, nor do you need to purchase expensive equipment to enjoy running. Plus you get to enjoy the quiet joys of nature while breathing in cool crisp air while clearing your mind at the same time. Some testify that running is the best way to squeeze healthy exercise into a busy schedule.
Consider the setting. Choose a conference room that is light and airy without too many distractions. Make sure it can accommodate all the guests. There's nothing worse than having to squeeze too many people into a room, which can make the meeting feel claustrophobic, or having too big a room with a lot of empty chairs, which can send the message that the meeting wasn't important enough for everyone to attend.
Mix first five ingredients in a bowl, with your hands, squeezing butter into pea-sized chunks. Continue to squeeze mixture together until it forms a dough. Split in half, flatten each half into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least forty-five minutes.
Yeah, it's kinda nasty. But that's okay. Ahhh. And also weird and clubby. Now what I'm going to try to do here is, I'm going to take the butter between my fingers, and I'm going to squeeze it like that, so that it sort of comes apart. I'm going to take...each time I find some butter, I'm going to squeeze it apart. What I'm trying to do is squeeze the butter down into really small chunks. They say "pea-sized chunks." And I'm sure some of you are going to giggle madly at that. But it's pea-sized chunks. And I'm just going to keep squeezing this dough until the butter's in pea-sized chunks. And there's the vegetable shortening in there, too; that's fine.
There is no use in trying to squeeze into your old wardrobe the first day home from the hospital. Take it slow. Start out with your favorite pair of jeans, a nice sweater, an old t-shirt. As you find certain pieces of clothing fit, put them in a special place in your closet. Each day or when the mood strikes, try on another piece of clothing. Little by little, you’ll find your maternity wardrobe heading to the back of your closet!
We will have unusually large panels for displaying posters: Each panel is 4' x 8' (i.e., 4' tall x 8' wide). Rather than asking presenters to squeeze two posters onto a panel side, each presenter will have the entire 4' x 8' surface to work with. We do not recommend creating a poster quite this large, of course, but there will be more than enough room for larger posters and creative displays. Unfortunately, we need to use the same room (and panels) for both poster sessions, so posters cannot remain on display for the entire duration of the conference. However, presenters will be able to put up their posters earlier in the day of their scheduled session.
Take the time to make sure your seasonal attire fits properly before the invitations arrive in the mail. Don’t try to squeeze into outfits that are too tight. Clothes that are too snug add weight to your frame.
Parking will continue to be tight at the Summit Street fields as we have all of our programs participating there now. Please do your best to squeeze into the parking lot. We have been asked by the Town to NOT have anyone parking along the street. Please help us to help you. We also ask that you be considerate of our neighbors and their property. Thanks.
Although you may put off going to sleep in order to squeeze more activities into your day, eventually your need for sleep becomes overwhelming and you are forced to get some sleep. This daily drive for sleep appears to be due, in part, to a compound known as adenosine. This natural chemical builds up in your blood as time awake increases. While you sleep, your body breaks down the adenosine. Thus, this molecule may be what your body uses to keep track of lost sleep and to trigger sleep when needed. An accumulation of adenosine and other factors might explain why, after several nights of less than optimal amounts of sleep, you build up a sleep debt that you must make up by sleeping longer than normal. Because of such built-in molecular feedback, you can’t adapt to getting less sleep than your body needs. Eventually, a lack of sleep catches up with you.
Time management expert Judy Morgenstern, author of Never Check E-Mail in the Morning says we need to be smarter about how we deal with those 24 hours. Rather than trying to squeeze more into an already overloaded schedule, step back and consider your priorities.
For example, a lot of people have a goal to exercise more. Starting out with a 10-minute workout is a great place to start. It’s not that difficult to squeeze 10 minutes into your busy schedule – finding a system to make it stick is the key. Maybe you walk during lunch, work out in the morning before you start your day or at the end of your day to get rid of all the stress, whatever works for you. Finding those systems that work for you, and not worrying about what other people are doing, will help you be very successful in achieving your goals.
Mat can be washed in cool water and mild detergent. Use only a small amount of soap because any residue may cause your mat to become slippery when wet with perspiration. If washing your mat in a washing machine, do not allow it to go through the spin cycle. The spin cycle does not hasten the mat's drying time. To dry quickly, lay mat on a dry towel and roll mat and towel together like a sleeping bag. Step on the rolled up mat and towel to squeeze most of the water from your mat into the towel. Unroll your mat and hang to dry. Do not put mat in the dryer. With use and washing mat will become softer and stickier.
Our schedule fills very quickly, often with dates booked a year or more in advance. If your event date is already reserved by another client but you have a small order, we may be able to squeeze your order into our design schedule. For more details about our reservation and deposit policies and rush service availability, please review our FAQ page and call us at 586-778-4624 with any additional questions.
If you have a small order (fresh or artificial) and your special event is at least 2 months away, we may be able to squeeze your order into a full design schedule. Note that a rush charge is applied to last-minute orders with less than 2 months notice.
“Become aware of how you are actually spending your time and whether these efforts are helping you to achieve your goals. If not, you need to change either your goals or the way you spend your time.” For a few days, be very conscious of how you spend your time. Keep a detailed log if you want. Include the time you spend looking for something (one report says that Americans waste nine million hours a day looking for misplaced items!), talking on the phone, doing household chores, and watching TV. Also list the time you spend doing things you enjoy, like reading the paper, surfing the net, devotions, playing with your kids, cuddling with your husband. Next, list activities you’d like to do, but haven’t yet found the time to squeeze into your regular schedule. These might include joining a Bible study group, exercising, spending more time with your husband and kids, writing, and so on. Now let’s fit these truly important activities into your schedule.
Wouldn't it be nice to be able to squeeze another hour or two into our day. Then we could finally get at those projects that have been sitting on the back burner: perhaps we would even get a chance to peruse the stack of magazines that have been piling on the desk, do more writing or, heaven forbid, put our feet up for a few minutes and just think.
If you won nothing except the fourth round, then changes need to be made. We need to bank on the computer playing his cards in the same order as he did in rounds 1-4, but if it does then the situation can often be rectified. It is very unusual for the computer to play a card higher than a 2 in the first round, so use your 3 or 4 card in round five to snatch 5 points, and sacrifice the 10 point round which you almost definitely going to loose. Luckily you will still in the next 20 point round, giving you a grand total of 45 - enough to squeeze through this time round!
" when i am waiting at the light there, i get halfway into that "lane," that way nobody can squeeze through it. everyone should do that! i've had huge dumptrucks squeeze next to my little geo to turn right! dangerous! "
Locate the Emergency Phone in a room with two or more entrances. Some extra training beforehand could make a crucial difference. Encourage the dog to go to that second entrance during training sessions if the first is cut-off by a closed door or puppy gate. He can learn to do this! Practice this at least once a week so the dog remembers what to do if he encounters this common problem during a real crisis. Also teach him to squeeze through the door if it is only open partway, then when it is only slightly ajar. Use high value food like liver treats or cheese as incentive to overcome any reluctance he may initially show due to lack of confidence.
Then came the real climb. The staircase in most places was only wide enough for one and in some places, a person that’s not much larger than me just wouldn’t squeeze through. The stairs were uneven and in some places the walls were slanted so our feet were flat but our bodies had to lean to the right so that we were practically sitting on the wall.
We had the same cab driver on the way out as we did for the way into Zermatt. He was amazingly aggressive. It ranked up there with a taxi ride in new york where the driver drove us up on the side walk and laid on the horn at the pedestrians. It was a one lane road and the small bus/van was without seat belts. We'd fly around corners and squeeze by at high speeds past other cars sometimes forcing them part way off the road. It seemed as though he was polite to the people he knew, but he always took the right of way with tourists, forcing them to back up until he could squeeze through. If I had a couple million dollars. I would have hired him to be my personal chauffeur on the spot.
When you reach the area with the stairs on the right, go down there and continue in the same direction. Follow the signs around the corner in the opposite direction. Another trouble spot is an exit arrow pointing to mall doors. As soon as you crash through, turn right to avoid smashing into the next wall. Continue down the hall until you're outside. Squeeze through the approaching cop cars and punch the accelerator to race toward the destination indicated on your mini-map. You receive a new objective upon reaching the destination.
People say that car drivers need to be more cautious around motorcycles but I say that's just stupid and ignorant. The motorcyclists do it to themselves. They are dangerous, stupid, and careless. We don't need to watch out for them, they need to watch out for us. Why should I make room for a motorcyclist that is swerving in and out of traffic and trying to squeeze through a space 5 inches bigger than his bike? And yet if the guy plows into your car going 95 and kills himself before you even know what’s going on, you’re the one who was careless and should have been watching where you were going. NO. NO. NO. He killed himself.
Anyway, on the other side of the cars a constant line of shoppers was anxiously trying to negotiate their way along the extremely narrow pavement, trying to avoid the cobbles so they didn?t break a foot, sidestepping the advertising boards and dancing around the wheelie bins: mothers with pushchairs looked totally flustered, a group of bemused tourists were hesitating and looking around in a haze of confusion, a lady pushing an elderly man in a wheelchair having to squeeze into a shop doorway until she managed to find a gap to push through. In the short time I was there I counted over one hundred people trying to squeeze through that narrow space, and none of them could stop to look in the shop windows. It would have been impossible: they just did not have the room.
I replaced the mop bucket and resumed working in utter amazement as another customer and later a Circuit City Sales Person both act in the same manner. As bewildered as I was I resolved to shout out a warning to anyone who was to even approach the area. I felt very awkward about doing so ... As if I was questioning or doubting their intelligence, although as the day progressed that's exactly what needed to be done; even with my verbal warnings, six more customers and two more employees still took time to contemplate how to squeeze through the slippery brew rather than find an alternate path around. Very seldom was an alternate path even considered an option. Short of closing the area off with crime scene tape, I couldn't keep people from walking through it. Even on the return trip out of the store they pushed through.
In the Orlando crash study, the majority of the daytime overtaking crashes involved sideswipes by motorists trying to squeeze through — a conscious bad decision encouraged by the cyclists' poor lane position. According to Mighk, the one direct hit from behind involved a cyclist in an undesignated shoulder/bike lane.
At the main entrance, patrons' escape was slowed by a ticket booth built into the floor. Three feet of space separated the ticket booth and the wall, said Max Wistow, interim lead attorney for the plaintiffs in the fire, who measured the span after the fire. That meant the crowd had to squeeze through two-abreast to reach the corridor to the main exit.
Routinely I end up getting off my bicycle and removing road debris or pushing a car that's blocking traffic and causing problems. Everyone in cars just waits or pulls dangerous maneuvers to get around the obstruction utterly unwilling to stop and help. In some cases people zip past me in their cars dangerously close because they just got enough space that they could squeeze through. Note that I on my bicycle and the jogger who helped me push a car out of a traffic circle today were the least affected by these obstructions. I'd like to think that if some of these people weren't in their cars they'd help too. Maybe I'm wrong on that count. But in all of the cases where I've pushed a stalled car out of the way or helped push a car stuck in the ice or snow, only one person has ever gotten out of their car to help me while many people on foot or bicycle have done so.
The reason I wasn't scared is that several weeks earlier Dick and I had been digging outside in the back garden, near the foundation of our building. We had found a spot that led into the crawl space. It was too small to squeeze through, but it would be easy enough to make the hole larger. We covered the hole with a piece of plywood and some earth.
The next obstacle beyond the two trees, was a huge boulder, maybe 12 feet tall, with a 45 degree face. The road went straight up the face of the boulder. There was a 2 foot tall rock just below it that I had to drive over to miss the tree on the right, and then there was a cliff going up to the left just above the huge boulder, and another large rock on the right creating one more narrow spot for the Unimogs to squeeze through. With some careful maneuvering, and a bit of spotting, I managed to squeeze by. Right after that, the trail dipped through the creek bed again, with a real tippy spot.
" Open letter to all who think there is a right turn lane off of East bound high street, turning on to S.B Mission...THERE IS NOT! Ever wonder why you can barely squeeze by the other cars in the lane to your left? ITS BECAUSE THE LANE ON YOUR LEFT IS THE RIGHT TURN LANE! Arrows point thru as well as right. You are all using a bike lane to make your right turns. Stop causing a bottleneck and just use the proper lane. Hey City Police, its accross the street from you, any way you could enforce this for a bit? That will probably get people to stop doing this! "
Across the road from the bank I counted 11 cars parked legally, and four more on the double yellow lines, illegally parked up on the pavement by the traffic lights outside St John's Church (bless them! They were probably in a rush. And the poor sod in the wheelchair trying to squeeze by? Not my problem! He'll just have to go around. The old girl with the stick? Didn't see her, sorry!)
We were off to the band's left near the bar about 20 feet from the stage - very good view. However, we were aalso right where all the traffic back and forth to the restrooms was trying to squeeze through. It was a constant distraction. Every time I was getting into a song, a bunch more people would try to squeeze by. That's life in a sold-out but tiny venue.
When I get crowded, I usually can tell it's due to an oblivious driver. When I know they are doing it intentionally, I can usually get by them anyway. I find that when one driver crowds the center line, the driver in the adjoining lane is likely to move away as well giving me enough room to squeeze by.
If you have drivers trying to squeeze by in the same lane, you aren't using enough of the lane. Make it clear that they have to change lanes and they will.
I'll admit that on NOL roads with a shoulder that's currently being taken up by a turn lane (meaning I'm in the rightmost through lane) I have had people use the right turn lane to pass. I'm not particularly fond of the manuever but it would take a few other stupid moves by other motorists at the same time to make it dangerous. FWIW, I've seen plenty of people pass other cars using these same turn lanes. The idiots are mostly a danger to themselves. On a NOL road with no shoulder or turn lanes, I've never had anyone even feign an attempt to try to squeeze by on the right while I was centered or left of center in the lane. On the right is usually a high curb that motorists want nothing to do with. Have you experienced someone trying to squeeze by on the right before?
Professor Artmann of the Department of Physical Engineering of Fachhochschule Aachen in Germany demonstrated in a series of experiments that Pycnogenol stabilizes red blood cells and maintains their proper flexibility. Pycnogenol not only stabilizes the leaky blood vessels by the proper cross linking of collagen, it stabilizes the red blood cells so that it is harder for them to squeeze through tiny leaks in blood vessels...
"Cholesterol deposits by themselves don not cause a heart attack. They are a major contributing factor to forming the blood clot that causes the heart attack. As long as the blood can squeeze by the narrowing caused by the cholesterol deposits in good volume, the heart will receive sufficient oxygen and nutrients to keep the heart tissue alive.
My personal opinion? I dont like using them. They are useful to carry whilst out hacking as you dont know what 'objects' you're going to come across that your horse could find spooky and not want to walk past. Very embarrassing if you're riding whipless and your horse is threatening to sit on the bonnet of the car behind you. Also a long one comes in handy if anyone's pooch chases your horse, or a cyclist tries to squeeze by and gets obejctionable when you cant (or dont want to) move over for them (haa haa)!! Some people just use them as a weapon to beat their horse into submission. This is totally wrong and such people should be sent on anger management courses. (My OH is threatening to send me on one as I get annoyed with his silly little ways)!!!!
We untangled ourselves and stood up. Bill said, "Cool crash, Russ!" I asked him why he had been parked sideways in the road around a blind corner like that. He blinked, stared blankly and said "I was waiting for you to catch up." I suggested it might be better to just stop on the shoulder so there would be no chance I would hit him accidentally. I also asked him to slow down a bit because I wasn't able to keep up. "Sure, no problem," Bill said enthusiastically. Super! We picked up our bikes, got them started, and were off again. In 90 seconds, Bill was out of sight and far ahead. Heavy sigh... I was wary this time. I didn't try to push the bike too hard. I slowed way down coming into blind turns. I started to realize the danger wasn't just that I might hit Bill, it was also possible to meet a truck coming the other way. A truck would take up the whole road; there wouldn't be room to squeeze by. I'd either hit it or run off into the trees. Ample motivation to keep the speed down coming around blind corners.
Venado spelunking was the best part of our trip! If you're in for an adventure - but you're NOT claustraphobic, you have to try it out! We went when the water levels were high, so a warning that there is a strong current at parts, and we actually had to lay down on our stomach and crawl on our forearms through a tiny tunnel at one point doing an army crawl with our entire body underwater except for our heads! The beginning was big and easy, but the tunnels got smaller and smaller the farther you went. There are a few tough, but short climbs, many small areas where you need to squeeze by, and many little tunnels for you to follow! You will get wet, but it is very humid in there, so there are no worries about being cold. Best part of our trip!
To help people grow up civic instead of growing up corporate is an important function of the Department of Education. Our education system is becoming too vocational and occupation-oriented, which is OK if it is not disproportionate and if it doesn't squeeze out the most important role of education, which is civic. I also would emphasize consumer education. Children are spending more and more money directly -- under 12 years of age they spent $ 12 billion last year, and they caused their parents to spend $ 150 billion. They need a consumer perspective, how to become a smart shopper.
Unemployment rises in a recession because the previous boom distorted the economy. Recessions squeeze out the distortions as the bad business decisions are revealed for what they are. Once those distortions have been removed, the economy grows again. The unemployed get new jobs, which may be in different fields than the old jobs as new opportunities arise.
(CBS) Sometimes, despite itself, the Supreme Court manages to squeeze out a ruling that comports with general common sense. This is one of those times but it sure was not easy.
Alternatively, I think this is a very bad way to do this. I would go about it by changing the value of c35, which is actually responsible for the creation of slide. If you want to squeeze out some hardcore math, find the cutoff frequency of the lowpass formed by c35 and whatever comes before it (DAC network). It could be 2.2K, making the cutoff ~328Hz, which makes sense I guess. I'm sure someone with more math experience could calculate how much time it would take for the voltage to change.
March 14 (Bloomberg) -- Bayer AG and UniCredit SpA are trying to squeeze out the remaining shareholders of German companies that they've acquired. German law lets the shareholders squeeze back, and make money in the process.
The strategy has pitfalls. For one, there's no guarantee that an acquirer will try to squeeze out remaining investors, or when the effort will occur. Investors may be missing out on other opportunities while they wait.
This bill will squeeze out the little guys and hinder other little guys from entering the field. I remember well, when I started contracting in 1975 (in the Seattle area) how hard it was to obtain and maintain my license while trying to build (or survive) my small business. And through the years, I have watched scammers come and go in a State (Washington) that was strict upon registration with no relief to the consumer.
For most residential jobs and small contractor can perform the work much cheaper than a larger contractor who has to pay staff. If you squeeze out the small contractor, you will be forced to do business with the larger, more expensive contractor.
Cherryh's prose style for her Merchanter books has always been very abbreviated, clipped, full of unexplained acronyms, with a large number of incomplete sentences. This style is good for providing a sense of tension and fast action, and does well in this book as she slowly reveals the details of just how the Company is trying squeeze out all the 'little' people and take total control of the Belt, but it does take some getting used to.
One danger in the straight "video drives the audio" approach is that the very tightness of the editing style can squeeze out space for creativity. I recall seeing a dramatic film with a scene of a character walking away from the camera, never to return to see his home or family again. As the character walked away from us, the director held the shot long past the point where it would typically be cut. The power of that bold decision was that the extended shot gave the audience something that many of today's movies seem frightened to give: time to think about the story, the character and his fate.
My family was what the status quo likes to refer to as "poor white trash." They were sharecroppers who never owned shit or were any position to oppress anyone. There were three different families living on one large plot of land. These families were provided with what was basically a shack and were allowed to take home some of the food crops each day. They were paid a salary as well, though it was a pitifully small amount that in no way reflected the crippling work they were expected to do on a daily basis. Still my great-grandparents managed to squeeze out fifteen kids who were healthy and happy, all with the good sense to get the fuck out of dodge when they were old enough.
I can't imagine that most people intentionally squeeze out room for individual dignity. But I would say that we have lost a certain consciousness for it. If we talk about individual dignity, we do so only for a moment, before returning to business as usual. Or maybe we see something on television that touches on human indignity and makes us cry, only we quickly dry our eyes and "pull ourselves together." The problem we face is hidden in plain view. Will we see it? What will we do?
I went off with stress, totally confused about the situation and I spoke with a Clinical Psychologist who said that what was happening in the department was "bullying", by a person who, from my description of her behaviour, likely had a serious behaviour problem. I then set about and purchased this brilliant book, and could not believe that our positive working environment had been turned for the worse by the text book bullying that I read about. After highlighting this behaviour to our personnel officer, who relayed it back to the CEO, I was then sent to another area of the department and denied a job for a year... by this time I was finding the behaviour fascinating and I was just there for the ride of the experience until I was squeezed out of the department altogether (on the grounds of my job being made redundant after moving a friend and colleague into it!)... It was interesting and reaffirming when I met a senior officer from the department who said that I, and named others, were "targets" of the CEO.
It was something that I could do part time and in retrospect, I now know that it became the blessing of a lifetime. When I was squeezed out of my Polar business in the fall of 2007, I had another business to fall back on that was also stress free compared to the stress that I felt doing e-commerce.
I took leave back to the States and tied to set up housing for my follow up assignment to Fort Gordon, GA. Because of my Family Care Plan (FCP) situation, they didn’t want me to show up. They provided no aid for me to find housing or getting my children set up at school. The duty shifts would have made it impossible for me to parent my children. I looked for alternate assignments but still found none that I could successfully do. All because I have no available family for the FCP. I did my best to continue my career in the Army, I loved being in the Army. But I was squeezed out due to the lack of an FCP. The paperwork says I was discharged on hardship, which in a way is true but not wholly accurate.
How does one fit a 12m x 12m shed into 6m square shed? I’ve tried to set it up as good as I can – power points everywhere, plenty of lighting. pegboards on most walls. For what it is, it's OK. Then, two years ago I was diagnosed as having Chronic Myeloid Leukemia (CML). I kept on working until 4th December last year when I was squeezed out – good ole honest John’s IR laws strike again.
I was squeezed out of the church after an insult somebody suffered at the hands of someone in a social group I was part of.  It was known that I hadn't uttered the insult, but some young mothers took offense and I was chosen to be "busted" for the infraction.  That and years later I set up a Jesus Seminar lecture at our church.  This was too much for some of the more humanistic members.  I was dropped from membership, even though I'm basically humanist myself. 
I told my supervisors in late 1977 that I would no longer mischarge my time cards. They reacted angrily, calling me "anti-management," "anti-Rockwell," and a "pain in the ass." Supervisors often had me sign blank time cards, which they filled in later, often incorrectly. Gradually, I was squeezed out of the work I was doing. I was stripped of my confidential security, my access to documents was limited, I was excluded from meetings and was put to work doing menial tasks outside my job description, such as sweeping, making coffee and cleaning a 50-gallon coffee pot. The tasks were often difficult physically, and my back condition was aggravated, and I had to take a medical leave.
The beginning of 2009 they hired a actor who didn't work out, Then they had more auditions in feb and told people I was invited to it, I was never contacted.  They then hire some entertainers who I know, to be there during the summer  , they then pay them more than I was originally offered to return and and the new characters are called "Zookeeper" and "Doc" The way I see it, New Characters were not created, My concepts and routines were taken and recast and Mystic Ike is still holding the contract, they did not go through a temp service. I can't help but  know I was squeezed out. I know I was not having the truth told to me along the way!! They are also telling people I left the country for other work. I can't believe I was treated so poorly and unprofessionally!!!
